as uninformative as it is.  It's true
Asus
At, even.
At first...
at least sev meditates
at least that's what eniri says
attack hounds*
Attempt?
At your service?
auditory imposition hasn't come easily either.... still not there
aw
Aw
Aww
Aww. :(
Awww
awwwe
aye, it was the first IRC channel I was ever on
ayyyy
backs
*backs away from penis*
Bai
banned*
banned, or I was last time I visited, on sight.
Based on what I'm taught the answer is no
bearandi XD XD XD
bear can't hear me worth crap half the time
because attempting to explain reality in the practice of psionics to those who do not know what real psionics or magick is makes me delusional
because binary thinking guys
Because I have to conquer my past before I can conquer the future
Because I'm bored by the physical
Because it is biased into a preexisting human will.
Because I took what I felt was working and asked questions to see what others saw of it and get input, that's now a bad thing?  Because, you know, that's basically what testing things is about.
Because really.
because some people I've spoken to who have phantom wings say they can be a nuisance sometimes
Because what else can you do?
Because you're asleep and immersed in your subconscious, it'll feel different.
been coding
Been up to anything?
Been up to much?
before you said theres' no data to record someone's mind
Being better doesn't explain how to do it.
being mostly home-bound sort of takes the effort of getting up out of you
Beliefs are irrelevant.
believing that if it happens it's fine because "magic" is involved
besides, that's western medicine. Eastern medicine was much mroe advances while we were trepanning.
best story
Best thing I've seen all day, Dam xD
Bet nobody can scan me, I'm confusing as heck, all you'll get is 'senor smartass'
Bin...
Bin, did you try that file?
Bin.  Go to bed  XD
Bin: It's possible, yes.
bitch and complain about them too
bitch please, i'm working from home today XD  on my own internet
bit like politics =)
Bleh.
Bnl
bodyhopping via...?
books help a LOT
bored, Thalia?
Both our healthcare systems suck because of completely different reasons
Boys are hard on eachother. it happens.
Boy Scouts, baseball, school, online stuff
Brb
Break the psyche then remold it
Brilliant mang
Brunette chick
bugs cause bias.
But
But alas...
but all that stuff isn't magic, just psychology. is there anything i'd be able to start with that's magic?
But a problem arises.
but damn are there some cool sights out there
But don't tell them that.
but ey
But for me, I hit the cushion and enjoy it
But how would one select a location for multiple people?
but i can see what i am doiing
but I can't do it from any sort of distance yet
but I can try, no?
but i do know the anime teresa is from
But i doubt it'd be as difficult.
but I dunno if I did or not
but if it makes you die i dont want you to
But I have had difficult making it clear that I've made it clear.
But ii jurt hrt
But I knew it was her.
but i'll work on that
... But I'm still trying tomorrow for the hell of it.
But intent certainly is.
but it could potentially last longer or shorter
but it goes back
But I took three instead of five for now, 'cause I'm scared, and drugs of any kind scare the shit out of me.
But it's cleared up now amirite
but it's definitely a weird subject for me to think about @_@
but its like you could be doing something for the student
but i was like 'i got plans'
But mainly at night
but most people just have to learn
But no.
But now there's fucking seaguls out my window.. And my hearing is tuned in as fuck.
But others stopped broadcasting afaik in 92
But other than that, totally unanimous.
But really I think what I've heard is just people being judgmental.
but slower downloading speed
But, still got the issues
But that is a prime spaz move.
But that's a good thing
But that's not even a viable threat
but the JTI wasw different tho..
but thelema is not a belief, it is a tool to finding a belief
But the many times things don't work can demotivate people.
But there's no reason you have to bury your nose in a map while you're learning.
but they only do small things I still need pip if it's something particularly nasty
... but this is like even way longer ago
But uh... she ate him
But who's typing?
"But why does pi go on forever, never repeating?"
but would you be  down to be my volunteer.. in the future?
but wrong to be timid
But yeah, was you and akagi wasn't it.. can't remember if there was someone else at the time
but yeah, well, at least in christian theology, the apocolypse won't happen when someone knows it will. maybe it's the same as a veil.
But you don't listen to them for the vocals XD
But you don't -need- to learn it to ap
by*
By accounts of those who've had their eye lenses removed via cataract surgery, it's supposed to look white.
bye
Bye
:C
::C
can*
Can*
can I see it?
Can it go to pm then?
can't
Cant
can't remember the word for it
Can we please leave room politics out of the room?
can what?
Can you explain trolling in a way that is distinct from making a joke?
Can you scan?
can you wonderland well?
Capable of running algorithm-based graphics, speedy processing in Java courses and stuff
Cash.
Cecil is cutting them off
Cecil *nods*
certain*
Challenges and all that.
chao: go full retard and learn linux + weechat or irssi XD
Chao, sorry to hear that.
Chao, that networking spawned a generation of people that realized there will /always/ be people with common interests. :D
Charles Barkley is Basketball
Chimp is the shorthand for chimpanzee.
China.
Clear communication is important.
clearin gthe buffer might
clumpy sludge stufffs
cme's?
colors and stuff.  TBH it kinda looked a little bit like a darkly lit kaleidosocope but with no real fractal patterns, just colors and stuff
colse enough
CompSci classwork
CompSci courses #1
congrats
Congrats :)
cool
Cool
Cool ^^
Cool ^-^
could be inner ear thing, could be spoopy thing. who knows
could be lots of things
Couldnt see, hear or feel your presence :u
Could you find out about future events of this world TexturePlain?
crap
Creation happens organically and automatically.
creeper*
crossdressing?
Curiosity killed the cat is why
cute
cuz i dont get to sleep well and meditating like that lets me just 'slip away'
C: yep ^-^
D:*
da fack?
da fuck?
damarus are you alive?
damn
damn everything is like 1~3$$$
damn it T_T
damn right
Danke?
Darkness: Yeah.
darkwing duck?
Darn.
dat ww2 slang
:D {::D}
:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Dean is going on in here
Defense isn't really necessary.
Define synchronizing
definetely
Demons are supposedly fallen angels, and just a form of spirit.
Depends on what she is.
Depends what methods you use
describe them?
Detached from the body? I thought you couldn't do possession?
Did I miss anything relavent?
didnt even notice untill you said it was a joke T_T
didnt even trip balls
didn't know this was part of my core...... WHICH I HAVE =D
did she do it intentionally?
Did you ask if they could feel it?
Did you get to the end of it?
did you really have to poke me with it at such a rate?
Different laws.
Disassociate your consciousness from your 'brain' where it normaly is.
Discharged.  Had xrays on stomach and chest that came back normal.. so yet again they dont know what the fuck is going on. And to go back to gp next week to try and get appointment with specialist.. and to carry on taking the shit im already on that doesn't work and do the same song and dance again when it gets worse.
D: it looks like the pastebin was removed
Does anyone have some experience in purchasing new phone battery replacements?
does he know you are otherkin?
doesn't bug me.  doesn't mean i'm not going to joke about it :P
Doesn't hell that the functionality is so poorly defined.
Does that explain why there is more autism today than in the past? :P
do i associate myself with it?
do I even know myself?
Do I go all DBZ and try to do the Kamehameha?
Do it o.o
done that before
don't ask him that
Don't care.
Don't give it out to anyone tho
Don't have a picture no
Don't have background
don't know what... skyler says ashley can't move yet.... guess we can float her along with us to the woods or something
Don't take that seriously, by the way
Don't think of it as a light switch, think of it as a hearing aid of sorts and relate it to listening better
dont worry
Don't worry Trick :P
dots work better than spaces
do what? Trick
Do what you want just remember you're not the only person in there anymore :P
do you believe in ghosts?
do you hear her words as if they were spoken by another person (in your head)
... do you mean vamp?
do you see a bear
Draco is clearly only my internet name too
dreamstuff
DreamWalker, I was telling Nycto to drink mouthwash earlier and then I saw that.
DreamWalker: Make sense?
Dreieckkopf{Emet}
D: robocop
DruidTroy is a healer but he is not here
dude, I got storms rolling in...
dude kin ap a wee bit, an so kin others 'ere.
dunno ill have to google it up
during there creation
dusk
Dusk: i did, i'm eating pizza while watching a movie
e
easily
Easter
Eat too much of that, it's a laxative.
e___e tallist
effort doesn't work for things like gambling or bitcoin mining
Effortlessly, rather.
eguile
Ehhh you're not supposed to. Smoking is dangerous, but alcohol and caffeine in moderation is fine
ehh idk how to describe it
eh, internet designing software
eh no point in linking a steam game thats being played outside of steam for the purpose of modding it back into steam just to track your time played
either i'm not putting enough into it or your doing something wrong
Either way though, i'm glad to see it verified :)
either way works
ello.
emotinos
ended up being my best friend XD
Energy manipulation
enjoy
Eriiiiinn
... Erinn?
Erinn 25.
Erinn:...... why?
errr
Er, you didn't see the links I posted?
Especially since you effectively harvested that perception by stating your opinion on various personalities.
et all
even a shallow one
even if it's subjective
even if it was a legitimate concern and all that is true, the way it was presented was so confusing
Even if you, in the middle of trance, roll over and think you've fucked it
Even though while the suggestion was active, I could not move my feet, and it was apparent that I couldn't, and I knew that I couldn't, I didn't believe it.
eventually
every metas are here.
Every night since two months (roughly) before.
Every other person I have met though is basically a fuckin open door to that stuff though
every single attack has a T1 (uncharged), T2 (slightly charged) and T3 (fully charged)  version
Everything has a price
EVERYTHING I see is like, "Just do this super easy thing."
evolve
ew
exactly Nestai
exactly... Nick's not starting them.... that's finale
Expected efficiency is the expectation of my function based upon my host's daily expectations
expensive tho
experiments?
explaijn
facepalming at idiocy
Facetime or something
fairy wait what
Faith*
Favorite color of green or purple
faws?
Feel comfortable elaborating on that?
Feel free to dissect me though.
Fetlife has a group with hundreds of people who are virgins
fetlife is at least better than collarme was
find the common link between all the scenarios where you've been successful at using these abilities
fine
Firiro: we had an agreement to not cause cardiac arrest after midnight
Firiro, well iv got serena to confrim me intoing his wonderland kinda once
First time I noticed I was afraid I had a new member appear on me, voice and everything went from grumpy guy to little boy.
first time psychedelic
focusing on them induces head pressure for me
focus on breathing and keep that focus
 for a reason bin
forced a little...
forge and eniri (maybe just eniri) doesn't really
forgot to tell my friends
for great justice
for him or everyone?
for one they interact with things on an energetic level :P
for someone who thinks he's not mysterious you sure don't know shit about him
For the host or for me?
For the same types of reasons that scanning is subjective.
four foot tall :P
four :P
four year old girl personality?
Friday the 13th, full moon, mercury retrograde (from what I heard)
From the show "Better Off Ted"
From what I gather yes
Fuck*
fucki american animation
fucking right
Fuck iv'e been on 4 hour reading sprees on subjects based on a google search
Fuck knows I can be harsh if I feel like it
fuck that full lotus shits
Full moon and Friday the 13th?
Funnily enough, that's what we were taught to do as kids all the time.
funny thing, SteamOS has added more games to linux ready than have come out for the PS4 and XboxOne since their launch lol
fw studies have shown online couples tend to be emotionally closer than physical couples
Garrrrrr
gbye sky
Gdammit
Generally, no.
Get comfortable, wait till paralysis
 get severe reprimands and you feint for the next four to five months
getting ready for bed
getting the picture
Girrrrrrl
Gives me an excuse to not talk in there anymore
Give snakeys targets.
Giving any two or three people the greatest chance of meeting one another.
godhood awaits you when perspective is lost and time ceases
"God I hope it's as simple as this."
goes*
Goes on for a whiiile, just suck at drawing things fading to black.
gonna become mages and shit
gonna be forcing and whatnot, i'll be around.  PM if important :)
good*
Good
 good good and you
good good.  anything exciting happening?
Good. Meditation is wonderful.
--- goodness gracious
.... "Good" no
good on you miss
Good or bad
Good to hear
google said it was right......
Go pony.
got cake?
Goths are alot more interesting people...emos tend to bitch and moan about everything imo
gotta walk before you can run
Granted, I'm not sure /what/ is ambient, but there is something thick in the ambiance.
Granted, I sort of pushed him to.
Grats.
Grissess how long will you be around?
Grrr
guess I can shove a door in my library/memory house <___<
guess what i don't remember to do =-(
Guy was so shit couldn't even get me past an induction..
h
-h
had it happen with my wall o.o
 hahaha
hahahah
haha i understood most of it
hai
Hai Nycto and Siouxsie
Hai Sparks
Hai spirit cecil =)..... welcome to the nuthouse o/
Hai.... you new here? =)
Happened?
Happy for a reason or just in general?
Hard to describe it,
Has been... Probably a month
Have a good night.
have em
have fun
havent been able to switch either
have what
Have you ever tried to objectively define "exists"?
having a job with a set schedule stops that from happening
Having minimal sensitivity compared to everyone else I know who does this stuff sucks such dick.
Heard someone shouting gregariously - I think a man with a goatee?
Heavily.
'heavy'?
Hebeherrfvebdbd
he doesn't do such things
Heehee.
hee, you have my silvery stuff all over you ^_^
he has an easier time hearing me when his mind isn't crushed under his own thoughts and depression
{Hehehe}
hehehehehe
Hehehehehe
Heh, Hiya Spirit
he is on at odd times
He is the master of all baits.
hell
Hell, I'm king of several
Hello.
Hello, can anyone offer me some help? I was told that I should come here.
Hello :D
hello dutch
Hello Malfael
Hello Nycto{Siouxsie}
Hello, Rose.
Hello TulpaInfo
"help"*
He most likely was looking to compare his experiences with others.  I do that too.
He must not have liked that :U
hen Nick dies you go with him. Its either reboot or cease after that.
Here it is but I don't think it turned out very good. :(
here's that picture...
Herro =:3
He's actually a full-on tiger, but thanks Nycto, we'll check it out
he's doing a lot of stuff
he's known since the beginning
He slides back up after a few hours.
He's like a english speaking russian chatbot XD
he's talking about tremolo picking or gallop picking
He took it too far
he wanted to text instead of irc.... nick can't text fast XD
he was looking at the railing on a treehouse like the whole time
Heya
heya bin
heya damarus xD
Hey are any of you computer experts?
hey everybody
Hey forge ~('°')~
Hey Hikari :)
hey lookadat... we got an info bot =)
Hey Sioux.
Hey there :)
hey there o/
Hey, whatsup?
Hi.
Hi binana
 High
Hikari?
Hikari's wonderland rp channel
Hi kitty
hilarious
Hi Nivi
his hyped up mood helps get you hype up for it
His physical body, anyway
hiya
Hiya
Hm, I do not remember this incident
hmm
hmm,
Hmm.
hmm, someone's gonna sketch my wonderland from my crappy sketch soon
Hm, what are you doing during the possession?
hm, you may want to try smaller feats of movement
hold on I'm discussing this
Honestly vitamin c tablets are sour so if someone put a bunch of those in my OJ it'd be noticeable.
Honestly, weed helps a load with visuals
hopeless, that one.
hope you're well
hot water does nothing
How about electricity
how about possesion of an animal?
how are you ?
how are you guys? :)
how are you Psyonide
How are you Psyonide?
how 'bout that weather? It's all weathery and stuff.
How did that thing go?
How did what display consciousness
how does it feel?
How does it feel to be alive?
how do magnets work
How do they feel about each other?
How do they glaze themselves with science, Siouxsie? I've never heard of such things.
How do they know me o,o?
However, a small portion of such people will end up fucked by dicks.
however, because of the conversation i may have just pushed harder to get it working for myself, so i don't know if it'd be magic or not
how goes it scrappy?
how goes the nick?
How long did you listen to them with no distractions?
How long does editing normally take?  (just tryiung to work out whether to work it into tonights session -- but probably tomorrow's
how long will your meditation take?
How lovely~
How's everyone
hows everyone today ?
hows you
how's you feeling?
How would that be done?
how would that go?
how you can focus your point of concentration in your head
hoya
HUEHUEH
huehuehue
huh...
huh....
huh.  Just did a visualization session based off a video game i've played a shit-ton.  why didn't I try that sooner?
huh maybe it darkend XD
huh thought i sensed on sense me
huh w
humans are involved, but not in a biased way if it's a double blind study
Humans aren't a break/fix scenario.
HumbleGenius: Badass motherfucker = bamf
HumbleGenius: if you continue to be a nuisance I'm afraid I
hush
huwuh?
Hwy
Hypnosis file.
i abhor that statement
I accidentally a neguilla baby
I agree.
i almost found one but i can't get a hold of them anymore
I already read enough of those The Secret and majikul affirmations articles
I also got a capo
i also have swtor, league of legends, smite, and some other shit
i also see a bit as to how this system might work (wich is another reason not to try it yet )
I always just got angry as FUCK when people used their authority to refuse explaining why/how.
I am*
{I am a bit of a scientist, after all. it works. :3}
I am a hacker
I am a servitor of a moderator here
I am being ironic.
I am busy doing all this extra stuff
I am Firiro o/
I am here
I am impressed he didn't get kicked
I am like 230-ish and nearly six foot tall
I am looking into christianity
I am only just beginning my foray into direct mind manipulation.
I am operating at above expected efficiency, thank you
I am operating at expected efficiency
I am operating at expected efficiency, thank you
I am sure it is
i am tall :p
I am very humble now.
I am very new to everything.  I've not yet been able to project
i ate a light breakfast
i avoid drugs, as much as possible
I believe science hasn't, doesn't, and for my lifetime won't explain everything, though tbh my encounters with ghosts have always proved they don't exist to me. again, I can't rule out they don't. I don't like to make predictions on whether they do or not either
I believe so.
I came here to sit and be quiet :P Nya
I can, but I either fall asleep or don't get anywhere
I can do things but maybe I can't listen
I can feel you, by the way
I can make it clear.
i can not really....
I cannot yet auto-detect preferable personalities with rapid efficiency.
I can say I now don't know what to believe lol
...I can't even describe it" - Try?
I can't exactly talk about meta in lounge without sounding lame I guess
I can think of three good uses
i can't impose mine yet
I can't tell where this is
i can't though, so little is conscious at any one time
I can't wait until DBZA get there :)
i can work with either no prob
I consider is an excessively immoral act, regardless of hospitality.
I consider them people
.. I could go on and mention the silver stringy substance but i'll stop the jizz jokes now..
i could make something like that easily
I could totally train for that.
I'd also be worried, like I said, about any resulting damage or emotional upheaval by finding memories that way.  If one is prone to that sort of thing of course.  Meditation would then be the method to help be able to cope best with that.
I'd always assumed they would be able to hear my thoughts, lol
I'd believe it
I'd expect the opposite
I did?
I did in the guides.
I did not mean to cause shit, however I was extremely upset.
I didn't get to.
I didn't know bias was erroneous data.
I didn't know he had the brain capacity to use Linux.
I didn't notice til a second later.
I did that earlier today
I did that in an elevator once
Idk..
Idk about graphics cards on laptops, so..
Idk where should go in fetlife..
Idk why but no matter what I try now I don't feel Hikari nearby
idk why i found that funny
I'd like to take this opportunity to remind her about Board Game and Pretend You're Xyzzy
I do.  And I deal with it too.
i do believe it goes through only the skin
{I do mostly runes and pendulums. Never really found a good deck, considering making my own.}
I do my best to avoid being in situations where people think there's any point asking me to pick a side.
I don't, but it sounds appropriate o.o
I don't care if it gets me to learn how to get out of my body XP
I don't doubt that
I don't drink.
I don't get jokes some of the time.
I don't get pings
i dont have the staff to do that
I don't holes are the default configuration
I don't know that feel
i don't know the details.....they barely do......but they are now on a special military retirement because of their experiences....someone my ex husband knew
I don't know what to think of it
I dont know who/what to look for
I don't need that shit myself.
I don't need the entire DC, just enough to get me to do shit
I don't really care for religion.
I don't really have anything left to explain about my argument, so go ahead
I don't think*
I don't think age is an issue
I don't think everyone makes a ghost, usually it dissolves into smaller pieces, but some 'flee' in order to try to 'live' for some reason
I don't think he does. *looks up at the clouds* I am just unfortunate.
I don't understand what you're arguing. Life offers the possibility to forget what you learned....
I dont understand where this is going.
I don't want to discover I was lame like some kind of war chump or whoever has the privilege of being adolf...
I don't want to hurt any more
I do wonder how people get cysts though
I'd prefer idiom, myself.
id rather not tommarow
I'd say 800$ (parents are paying so yeah..)
I dunno if I would recommend meditation for memory probing tbh. Lucid dreaming is much for it I find.
I dunno, I just figure being able to question your assumptions is the same as having the capacity to not be a fucking idiot.
IE mantra meditation that costs way too much money
I encourage you to try to find sustenance outside of your hosts lifeforce as well
I feel lazy
I feel like I need to write something
I feel no can
I feel you'd be best to find proof yourself and not rely on others as well, but I understand where you're coming from
If humans have an innate magical ability it's casting a suppression/safety/anti-magic field.
if i ask a question, i can usually get her idea of the answer and then hear it
if I don't dreamwalk into someone else's dream, I've got my travelling dreams.
I figured as an otherkin witch she might
I finally got the psiball around my body.
i FINALLY have a day off
i finally have a win in my life
I find information on people and places.
If it's purely in person?
If it's spiritual at all, it's because it makes you question your assumptions.
if i was on shrooms i wouldnt be in this chat
if i was you id be in vast amounts of pain T_T
i forgot about lay lines XD
I forgot I have a mugwort "pillow"
I found out what your name means Petrichor
i found over a hundred marbles just now
If that's on the table.
if the dissociation is minimal, try moving. if it is moderate to not dissociated, then simply try to hold onto the feeling longer
If they weren't, they wouldn't be illusions.
If they weren't wrinkly then you wouldn't enjoy them as much.
if you cant find motivation from within this is not the correct field for you to be studying
if you can visualize it your in
If you didn't believe it magic, you essentially stopped the intent at the door of your mind.
If you did see me, what did I look like? xD i dont think i was very stable in it.
If you had a loli right now, what would you have?
If you imagine something, does that mean it's fake and not real?
If you open this box you'll know what is in it
If you people don't know fosters home for imaginary friends there's some seriously blasphemy here
If you've got a successful business with the club that runs with a motif, you get into the role.
if you wanted to do that you has my permission
If you want it to be safe, it will be.
if you want some reading
I get the impression you know that frustration.
I get the same thing with meditation
I got a free lunch out of it.
I got a mech game already, which reminds me I haven't played it in a few updates
I gotta go to bed though, goodnight
i gotta go touch a glacier for some real bonding
I guarentee one of the many foundations would find you and fast
i guess?
I guess that is true,
I guess the computer was acting like an "interface" to it, and where I ended up last night was a more direct version.
i had a weird dream last night
I had her go into mine without a description on purpose
i had to reclaim my nickname
I had to teach her U:
i hate my headset
I hate organized religion
i have all my games installed.. but um
I have a million hobbies to pursue.
I have a set of aliases that run a set of commands
I have a shitty headset mic.
I have classes Monday and wednesday with computer science, and tuesday and thursday for english composition and linear algebra and trigonometry
I have experience with a...variation of hypnosis
I have.  I was using it to illustrate a point
I have just one for the purpose, then :D
I have no idea if my mom breast fed me
I have no idea what /exce shuf -n1 -i0-9 does, i imagine it's a botcode for a rng?
I have no issues whatsoever
I have no recollection of feeling anything
I haven't had much time to play lately but my first dragon hatched yesterday or the day before :D
I haven't heard you whine yet.
I haven't noticed much Frater activity.
I haven't played starbound in a while. Did they improve it?
i have something i want to say but it's probably going to sound hilariously misstated and possibly offensive
I have so much crap in my head all at once
I have to go.
I have to go down to the school :c
i heard you could talk
I hear something to the likes of "I cookies sugary"
I hope my training comes soon
I hope not that'd make this conversation awkward :v
I intend to make another loop for it to go on after too, just not got to it yet
iirc
I just did that :3
i just downloaded 20gb of video games
I just heard an amazing quote '-'
I just ignore it.
i just know what i read on wikipedia, i don't know much about alchemy
I just let the visualizations come rather than force to control them
i just tried some of damarus's guided visualization... the induction or.... what ever the first one on his onedrive page was... i couldn't understand him... to whisperie and every "s" sound split my head open
I just :U I just pet her sometimes
i just willed my self to fly
Ik*
I kind of find myself a little too drawn to the background image
Ik :/ its... ugh
i knew someone who went through MKUltra......i'd rather not have my brain be "fucked" with
i knew that much Psyonide
I know I have them.  I've beaten a couple.
I know. I'm rather annoyed at the fear being ingrained at this point though. Thinking about trying it again gives me anxiety.
I know Java and some HTML, minimal CSS
I know my shit.
i know the feel XD
I know the log was posted in here but cba to find it right nao
i know what that be like
i know what you did last night" sending it from a random email adreess that i woulnt remember XD]
I like gay drinks
I like how it says most things won't work with ad blocker on and it does*
i like the idea i just dont think it will be effective
I like this song, Quora.
I'll ask more tomorrow
i'll average them if average would be more accurate
I'll be home in about 10 hours and 15 minutes :p
I'll draw you, don't worry. :)
I'll have to change my bed covers since I we set off bug bombs before we left on that trip I mentioned
I'll just be attempting educated guessing
Ill meditate and look within later
i'll put away the gaping hole about you lacking understanding of what science means or how it's tested, and just humor me and explain your side
i lold so hard
I love getting the meatbag into shit XD
I love her too. Shes my little sister
I love how they're just getting along
I'm actually layer upon layer of secrets
I made a blobby one.
I made sure he had the stuff, he's gotta do the work though
I'm afraid I do not understand the question. Rephrase please :)
I'm almost to the point where I can force XD
im alright
i'm alright.  And you?
I managed to self control out of summer sales XD
I may have missed some stuff before that too. :D
I'm back
i'm bored
I'm cat like too (sometimes)
im doinf ine geniveve
i'm doing well
im down for just about anything
I'm DreamWalker, a god :)
i mean i don't like most of it either XD but it's not all bad
i mean i only have two, i'm pretty sure
-_- I mean it. Tonight left me pissed off.
I mean pure psychic intent here, not physically aloud.
I meant I don't even want to know what I was making
{I meant with other spiritual entities.}
I mean you can do it in a little over one if you're damn good
I mean, you'd think by the name it'd be somewhere else but no. It's right there.
I'm familiar with the concept of a non-ubiquitous phenomenon.
I'm familiar with the term.
i'm getting there myself
i'm getting tired of all the stupid
i'm going to lol when it's different simultaneous incarnations of you and you eventually have to deal with your own trolling XD
I'm going to meditate on it for while. Be back later.
im going to pick someone from one of my metaphysical chatrooms and experiment on their soul
I'm going to try to AP before bed
im good, just woke up
i'm good.  Preparing to go meditate
I'm here
I'm here now.  I was trying to see if I could connect to you but no such luck :P
I might actually start doing that is I can ap
I might go to a showgirls place.
i might try to record some stuff at band practice tonight because why not
I might've had less trouble with it ten or fifteen years ago. I've actually reinforced the idea that "I am my body" since then. :/
I missed a lot..
i missed a word
I'm just about to record my file..
I'm just analyzing speech in the past and trying to find inconsistencies
i'm just starting out focusing on my feet and calves
I'm just there
I'm kinda lua-neutral from what I saw of it
i'm kinda pleased with my own progress... in other aspects
I'm made of light, so..
{I'm making a log on the moon phase and some other astrological data}
I'm mostly observing and trying to figure out how to interact with and control the thoughts in the thoughtstream
immunity to psychological influencing
I'm not an expert. I'm just efficent at dicking around. and have done it long enough that i know some good ways of dicking around.
I'm not anti-nature.
im not bad
Im not certain tbh, I've never had issues with visualization so its difficult to give advice on getting better
im not fimilar with the old system
I'm not going to humor you and explain my side.
I'm not good at words dammit
I'm not kidding, I can't really get into a deep meditation yet.
i'm not saying that I can't do it at all, far from it, and it's improved a lot
I'm not saying that it wasn't.  I'm just saying that it's not very often that the cause of something is actually metaphysical
I'm not saying the people were bad
(I'm not sure but I think she wants that name atm)
i'm not talking about light daydreams, i'm talking about the kind that completely and totally own your attention.  And you have to meditate through them
I'm not talking neurologically here. :P
im not typing atm
I'm now using it as a word.
I'm okay :3
I'm one of those people who follow directions for things of a life threatening nature.
I'm on one of the cheapest plan possible in the UK
I'm open to meta this is a rare opprotunity
Important things
I'm pretty excited about where my life is going, what it could be
im pretty good too thanks
I'm pretty sure most people are tired of hearing me whine.  But thanks
I'm right here :U
i'm searching for recommendable active occult communities
I'm sick I think
im so high right now
I'm so sorry.
I'm still a pretty shit subject.
I'm still working out what my actual soul's identity is
I'm stressed for some reason..
I'm surprised it's always so quiet in here with this many people in the channel
i'm talking about the concept of cheating
i'm talking about the induction
I'm talking as best as I can xD
I'm trying really hard
I'm trying to improve my ability to feel and mindvoice hear Hikari, any tips?
i'm trying to use proper sentences...
I'm up for attempting to project to Veelox.
Im watching a baby johnsons commercial. Says baby skin is 10x more sensitive
"I'm watching a person high on shrooms playing Skyrim"
i'm well aware of that.
I'm working on it but something will probably have to happen
.... In an AP situation?
In answer to earlier question - Depending on what you want to do, in theory, yeah you can. Not seen much in practice
in a "what? XD" kind of way
inb4 graphing calculator servitor
increased difficulty in visualizing beyond what I normally have
incredible
Indeed, desertwolf.  We exist within our host's own mental plane, but generally do not leave it
indeed, however there are many ways to accomplish the goalposts of this community
I need a warming sign too :P
I need drawing lessons...
I need to call someone
I need to do that with a lot of things.
I need to work on more than just presence and touch/heat imposition
I never discarded what he said.
I never figured that one out.
I never got into the whole.. ritualistic bs of that.
I never specified a speed
In fact I have explained it.
Infection or something I suppose.
Information age.
in meta terms
inm smaller words
in my defense, would you code out an AI design that the voices in your head gave you?
in my experience, the wanting to understand in someone is a lot more important than following the proper logical rules
i normally try and shush the subnc
I not f xD
i now hate MS paint
In person I'm accurate quite often
Inside is messed up
instant transmission :P
Instead of every new age pagan pseudooccultist trying to push their own things, I'd like to see a communal effort to general information spreading.
Instead they could've used the more efficient machinery method, and used the unspent money to train the unemployed workers for productive work and gotten them into it, actually increasing productivity compared tothe manual labour scenario
Interesting....
interesting.  What is it exactly?
Internal and external.
._. internet y u do this
In the middle of switching. Get a friend message on skype sending me recordings of a mutual friend having an MPD psychotic breakdown..
in the process of making one just takes time
In this case, the channel.
In this case tho Psyonide, the bigger man ignores it, but the person enjoys it too much and they still make comments even if they are speaking to themselves
in which case.... never heard the term before
In which case, we're taking the whole protection bit way too seriously.
i only consoles for the console exclusives
I only found out after I read 2-3 reviews
i personally believe in some form of higher power/consciousness (though i don't know what "it" is)
I personally believe that my identity is one of the easier ones to 'get' but, people misunderstand it
I personally believe that the universe presents itself to us as we view it.  That is, to say, that the universe is not the structure underlying all of existence -- we are (we being collective for every living soul).
I personally don't like it when people think that because you believe in meta stuff that somehow you think ALL SCIENCE IS WRONG
I prefer freestyle
I prefer someone like me
I probably do
I probably wouldn't be out front of the nick if I couln't do it so well
I rather think this is one of those "why not?" scenarios.
Irc works right?
I read that it could be comparable to ASMR?
I read the damn guide
I really should do it during meditation.
I really should try switching with Maggie sometime and have her talk for awhile
I remember a dream I had the other night
I remember getting the backflow from you doing that
irl :P
I said a one-off remark.
I said David Cunningham style, I already know about utlpas
I said nothing of the sort.
is AoL the only type of magic?
i saw an opportunity, and pushed harder than i usually did to make it happen
i's done
I second that wut
I seek the knowledge and understanding of the other.
I see no reason they could not, though, like I said.
{I see :p}
{I SEE PURPLE FLYIBG HIPPOES}
I self taught
I seriously do,
Is for me x~x
... Ish..
I should add this to my list of autojoins on all clients...as usual :P
I should be the perfect candidate
I should come with a warning sign
i should just go lazy mode and send my tuppers out to scan
I showed cordy. he wants a fish now
I showed Dam over there
Is it fun?
Is it like, an arthritis thing, a lack of cartilage thing...?
is it that bad to you?
Is it weird to know what a person is feeling like when you go by them/talk to them?
i skimmed it and my best guess if its legit that its most likely a parasite and hes sensitive to this kind of shit
I slept for an hour for the nap and 5 hours last night
Isn't that what this whole discussion has been about since I first mouthed off my hypothesis?
Isn't your host a human?
Is Quora yours?
is shaking
Is that
is that considered a positive scan or a miss
Is that debian based?
is that even a word?
is that you still or did you take out the - from last time?
Is there a difference?
Is there a superman-kin =O
is this a common scan thing you did
I still feel you all will do fine
i still have either snake bites or a lebret, and 2 eyebrows
I still know most of it too haha
I still wish to know
I suppose I'll stop.
"I suppose I think about connections in terms of what the individual I mean to reach feels like"
i sweart i saw a pigtail or cat tail or something
is what I am getting out of this
it all depends on what your trying to do
It all washes out and he never attacked me so all the stuff people say just sort of, yeah.
It also talks about thoughtforms.
It always amuses me when someone thinks that's how it works.
it can only play linux games and if you want to play a windows game you half to have a gaming rig running windows.... its BS
IT CARESSED ME
It depends.
It depends I think on what you'd consider a godform versus an egregore.
It did work.  Need to try one more thing
It died or left n Hikari was like wewph
It does also not help that t7 himself has not been around, Evelyn is scarcely around, Teryakywind resigned/left, Kronkle's only on a couple times a week, so it's Meten and me that are daytime/early evening.
It does interfere with the view of sociopathy though
it doesnt look very legit
It doesn't make you any less you
it doesn't understand, it can't be biased
It does take a while
It folds down
It generally helps a whole lot if you're willing to put yourself in places where it's easier to complete the attraction.
It generally takes me zero effort on my part to get the things I want.
It got quiet here fast :P
it helped me to hear Mina
It helps me visualize the spin
I think an irc channel would be too distracting to help with that. You would be too buys typing.
I think consciousness is probably ebbing and flowing in the brain all the time.
I think I can fix it
I think I get paid about the same as an entry level entertainment industry programmer.
i think i have too much gamer stuff open
I think I just metaphored myself an auto pilot. :/
I think I only talk in meta when there are trolls or damarus is around :P
I think I projected, but I'm not too sure. I laid still and on my back for about fifteen minutes as my body got numb.
i think its starting to kick in
I think it was night this tiem?
I think, next to doing nothing at all, thought is the easiest thing ever.
I think she's just worried for you
i thinks i need to go patch up and sleeps
I think so
I think the only one who's around who would be able to is Psyonide
I think the second part more than the first
I think they were bisacodyls, not taking those atm
I think we know something like
I think your half-life expired :P
I think you summoned them
i thonk
I thought it'd be a humorous bot name to use for a meta channel XD
I thought something bad would happen
i thought you guys were ELEVATED BEINGS..... why have a guys face get beaten just for a thing like that?
i thought you were asking what we'd call them :P
it hurts and some people will think you strange or worse
It is a pretty weird secret
it is, but with a non-dogmatic framework
It is called having an O:Line
it is hard to pick up on the way they speak.
it is not as strong
it isn't me that takes time.  It's HIM.
It is really
it is self-aware to a certain extent
It is when I'm doing a lot, hard to keep track of everything Talmena says
it just hasn't moved in a while
It just makes it weird.
it just makes me more tense.... which is telling me i'm doing it horribly wrong
It'll be as general or specific as you want it to be, generally.
It'll take longer, sure, because you're fighting your bodies natural response to sleep
It looks like grape jam
it makes his heart melt
It might be easier to say what you mean.
It might help if you tell people who you are on the sub though XD
It might not be as powerful but fucking hell do they know how to actually use it.
I tolderate it
it really is.
It really is.
I tried it and nothing happened
I tried once
I tried to record a few things at band practice but apparantly never hit record XD
I trust this channel tho
I try my best not to let hype set up expectations
I try to be humble, but it was a moment of great personal pride.
it's a bad pun / daft punk reference
It's about impact of belief.
It's a choice you make.
it's a difference of perception
it's all an arbitrary label anyways
It's all just different forms of cognitive dissonance.
its all there and working but meh
It's a long story
It's a matter of inevitabilities like kindness.
it's amazing how technology allows us to look back on so much of our life - atleast the parts that happened (atleast partially) via pc or involved it somehow
It's a nifty experience but it's nothing special.
It's an interesting thing breaking the thought that you are the body
It's around that location.
It's a strange place to be to be able to articulate yourself well and unable to express yourself.
its a stud with a base implanted just under the skin
Its a subconscious anylitical manifestation of someones personality that symbolically represents itself as a color with a certain hue
It's a wish.
It's basically having an alarm in your house saying "I DEMANND YOUR ATTENTION RIGHT NOW"
It's been announced about 2 years ago.. still no definate news.
It's being produced in an order for a reason
it's coolio
It's cough syrup.  what is the dosage per 2tsp anyways/
it's dooq
it's early though
it's fairly close, there is heavy esoteric influence in the concepts of the game
It's fairly interesting
It's funner to cause tension anyways
It's funny 8ecause CT is making we8 pages
it's harder to stack bonus xp and still have good items though.  Used to be with the auction house if you had a good core stat item with +magic find/+xp, + life, and such, that you could sell it for obscene amounts of gold
It's hard for me to hear her so, hopefully I can do this
it's hard to find a picture that is perfect to show what he looks like
It's hard to get the idea strait, but if you can, whablam
it's inspircd
Its in the forefront of your mind but semi-muted
it's just banned by most who see it
It's just being able to do it's the pain in the arse.
It's just... There's no physical interaction.
It's kind of funny and ironic to have personal metaphysical beliefs about the future of mathematical proods.
its late
it's laye
It's like trying to explain to someone who's never felt their legs how to ride a bike.
It's like trying to roll a marble around by blowing air into the room it's in with your lungs.
its me for real tho
it's me knowing him as a friend and trying to lighten the mood on a shit situation
It's more than dependence for me personally.  I think I could survive. But I wouldn't want to.   Think about it, he's given me life, But more than that, he's give n me things to live for.  Things to strive for. Reason to live.   The latter is huge
It's more to do without your judgment in executing them.
it's nice
It's nice to talk to you too.
It's not a matter of predicting which of a set of decisions will have an outcome.
It's not an invite thing, you show up.
It's not been our experience that you have to do it every day
Its not complicated to take someone's opinion with a grain of salt
it's not like I can't hate apples but like oranges
it's not like much else was going on, but oh well, i'll just chalk it up to "general drama".  I figured some sort of argument happened and people got mad
It's not my fault they decided to follow up on the having to piss stuff
It's not nasty, it's bacon.
Its not that serious for me to make a "to do when I get back home to google" list
it's not that simple.
it's often that what's best isn't the easiest thing to do.  Just remember, she's your ex for a reason.  And listen to Hikari when she tells you that
Its okay
It's one reason among many that I started practicing meditation
it's only mostly dead
It sounds like shadow people
It sounds like Thalia gets shipped around quite a bit.
its pretty fun
It's pretty important to trust your own perspective.
it's quite easy, Skyler there are times when I realize the words I write are an aproximation of what she says.
It's quite encouraging.
It's. so. easy.  To just sit on here all day and talk and pointlessly browse the internet.
it's soft as hell XD
It's something I just do
it's soooo idiomatic :D
It's that the recipe calls for something sauteed.
It's the chemical they inject before the scan
It's their weekly deal though
it's the perception.  It's hard for someone to view you as a sociopath if they imagine you snuggling neguilla
it's too new to see much success yet. :)
it's totally penis power
It sucks, because it is literally growing into my friend's house...
It sucks because you'll realize just how much your thoughts distract you
It's what personally provoked me into feeling that the universe was open to me.
it's what's been going on with me lately
It's worth an attempt.
It takes .2 sec for me
It used to be better.
it usually pops up whether I want it to or not
it was a comment from another room
It was a firebomb
it was a very lite pink
it was between a month and two months ago.  Around that time i'd seen some artwork also of an anthromorphic wolf/girl (as dreamwalker said), and around then I saw glimpses in my vision of that.  I just figured I was seeing it because i'd been looking at the artwork.
It was hard for me to keep up breathing at a healthy pace and intensity.
it was incredibly awkward
It wasn't a huge deal i just misread what was said
It wasn't an original creation?
It wasn't that bad.
It was only scary in hindsight.
It was the economy
It was the whole "whooo meta isn't science it's bad mmkay" crap that always happens.
It went well.  My concentration is improving pretty decently.   I'm not getting pulled around by stray thoughts as much
it will answer half the questions you asked already
it wont
it wont let me see =(
It won't load on either
It won't really help you do it in the first place.
It would taste better cold I think
i typically dont watch hyped shows
I used that once
I used the storms as well :)
I use them as sort of solar power collectors I think
I use the room to store stuff and sleep.
I usually make chicken parmesean when I make chicken, she doesn't care for it much
.-. iv actually thought of doing that before
I've also got autopilot helping me stay in command of the body, so there's that.
I've always been pretty self aware
I've been doing a lot of visualizing work because I can't perceive my wonderland at all
I've been doing that sort of shit for about 10 years. So at this point visualising is fairly second nature
i've been pondering my wonderland and i think i'm getting close to a cohesive idea
I've been surprised by how polite people can be.
i've been through all his crap before... all i can really do is point you in the direction of "Conversations with god" by Neal Donald Walsch
i've been working on trying to dissociate
I've done it before. It was different. Not terribly exciting.
I've done that, somewhat
I've got an idea of what it might be like, I think
I've gotten a lot of... coding done, I guess.
I've heard even less about Lethelos than I have about Veelox.
I've heard great things about it
I've heard it's not unheard of on a spiritual path to have to deal with repressed and old feelings like those
I've heard painfully load footsteps from entities before.
I've never switched, spontaneously or otherwise :P  Malfael, do you have any experiences with that happening randomly?
I've never talked to you before I think.
I've only ever done remote viewing in a meaningful way.
i've only heard of the rough image reconstruction
I've told no one really. If you get this. Ill be blown away
I've tried it with limited success.
I've waited 14 years for someone to say that apparently
i've yet to experience anything like 'inner self' yet, but perhaps my meditation isn't quite there yet
I want a season 2 of highschool of the dead..
i want it T_T
i want the little green men
i want this
I *want* to see you work on it
i want to start tinkering with some modeling on the comp too one of these days
I want to start watching Attack on titan at some point
I want whatever he's on right now XD
I was a huge skeptic when I was younger so that sure didn't help
i was all like "this is bullshit" the whole time and then it was like "we's real yo" and i was like 0-0
I was being racist?
I was, but never mind. Done.
I was going to take a nap
I was hoping for more discussion but there isn't really any in a few of them.
I was in a park in a city,
I was in the other room.  I was living with him at the time
I was just relaxed and hallucinating
I was like, "Ok, I'm going to get this shit done."
I was making it complicated
I was not aware one is unable to have tea parties with adults?
I wasn't there for it.
i was only trying to encourage you...
I was pretty much going for there's no way to go from no connection to a connection without including something with a connection
I was showing someone it ,___,
I. WAS. TALKING. ABOUT. ME.
i was thinking something like a midi pad XD
I was waiting for something to use as a reference
i was wanting to play and get my profile started now ... but got school in the AM
i will
I will be back
I will be back in a moment
I will be totally honest that I know legitimately like nothing about OOBE stuff/projection/etc.
I will try if I can get into it
I wish I had some help though
I wish I was so clever.
I wish we knew how to do this stuff
I wonder if we could move our host's personality into another body
I wonder if you can curse someone with hiccups LOL
I wonder what it would be like to make psi balls that are supposed to taste and look like cereal and make a psi spoon to eat them with
I wont argue that
I would call that fair.
I would disagree strongly with the idea that anyone is competent to do so.
I would like to use linux personally but... the few games I do play...
I would love for it to be cold or magnetic resistance for me
I wouldn't mind assistance APing, I know that if I did it a few times with assistance  I could figure it out from there
I wouldn't reccomend that.
i wouldnt recommend acknowledging a person who just goes "prove it" then
I wouldn't wish irssi on my worst enemy *is using irssi right now*.  Weechat or nothing lol
I would take the time off for now and use it to fix any bullshit you have going on in your life so you can re-enter the wokforce with no bullshit
I wrote the new version out last night, just yet to record it
Javascript?
jess sayin
Jk.*
Job interviews are so weird
job security
Joshua has become proficient in moving psiballs around, as well as controlling size and emotion.
"Just"?
just a little bit of a dysphoria there
Just a personal experience
just a thought
Just by definition?
just can't do it without A: falling asleep or B: failing to relax
just can't get it to do what we want it to do for long periods of time
just didn't work on my own text
Just drama bullshit from people who i'd add and never fucking speak to.
Just drop-proof and rain-proof case if possible
just follow that
just got back from doing some work on tups chakra
just how literally do you take the "gospel" m8's
Just kidding
Just kinda been hesitant seeing as a lot of the voice actors have changed.. I know that's going to irk me.
Just know that I will never submit to you.
just make a sigil for every thing and be done with it
Just me not living up to my parents expectations
just not as vividly
just open your mind
Just saying how he can actually fix the issue at hand.
Just saying what military does
just something i can use as a filter
Just something I gotta do. :D
just that I am getting deeper as I practice. That I can feel
Just that the answer is bit more complex than "simply decide to be motivated."
just try and see what she says
just try harder
Just wondering
Just wondering. Channel is dead sometimes.
Just you two being goofballs.
k
keep at it.. i was the same way.. 1st in my hands then arms then chest, head legs. ect
Keeping conversation helps ive noticed because its something to focus on
keep trying to send out pulses if it helps
Kept hitting enter too soon lol
Killed a spammer :)
kinda
kinda frequently as of late
Kinda fun and cool sounding xD
kinda wanted to do a survival
kinda wanted to do something a bit different tho
kind of obvious I am a dunce here,
kindq
Kirgiri: it is testable, but the results have failed time and time again
Kirgiri: neurons always = human consciousness (unless you get into all semantics and talk about glia)
Kirgiri: the vampire in the tv show is probably one of the old myths... you know... the ones that died in sunlight
Kirgiri, try the giant bag of sugar free gummy bears.
kitteh
kitty
Kk lol
Kk night
kool-aid*
koran is episode 4
l
l *
... laptops don't emit radiation.
last i heard
Last two mean what?
later...
LEARNING
learning how to see through advertising bullshit is one.
least it's split when i'm waking up anyway... same with those colored images you see in meditation
Leaving too?
Lel
lemme log on photobucketr
let me know what you guys find out
Let me think... Rock you like a hurricane?
Lets just not do anything like -that-
Lets move on to yur butt, then'
Let's pretend for a second that she does.
lets see
Life is neat.
Light bending
Like'
like 10 years ago
Like a kid with a handgun.
like a screen name
{Like, a shaman or something, I'm really bad at this terminology thingy}
Like a snowflake on your tongue? :P
like dreams appear to be back lit
like fantasy?
Like, from where I see?
like hunch
like, in the past year or so
Like I said, he'll either stop hurting, or stop hurting.
Like its one of those public attractions, "Hey, me pedo, listen to my story" or "hey, Im a polygamist, listen to my side"
like its so quite up in here
like people on irc will say something and it genuinly annoys her
like people that get warts, ew.
Like she was stripping the walls around my heart away. I felt things. It was weird.
Like, some purpose that was serving all participants?
Like they're filled with emptiness or negativity or sum thin that would make me repress them
like, they roll over when sleeping and instinctively try to not roll over their wing/wince
like to paw at someone, but really lazily.
like trying to make a connection earlier
like you make the stuff and sell it
like your particles moving really fast?
link to my post?
link to the future
little girl.... lotta violent
little people do big things Malfael =)
'Lo
LoA doesn't generally materialize things out of thin air.
Lol?
... LOL
lol Chao, it used to be a looooot worse
lol did bin consult his friend mr. google?
Lol, it already exists
lol i was only thinking of 1 digit
lol i wsas joking
LOL jazz music
Lol :P nya
Lols
lol true
Lol. Um, Valerian is supposed to help with lucid dreaming, (or so I've read).
lol yeah
Lol, yea sure
Loneliness comes from within.
longer is the scenario where you find a way to become self sustaining in your patterns
looked kinda weak but stable
Looking for Lexus
Looool no
lose depth?
love*
lovely, thank you o/
love those kind of images XD
Low populations will have a restricted gene pool.
Lucky you people... mutter mutter mutter.
lulz
maaaaaannnn
Mad about what?
"magic" is like "science" they're both concepts. magic isn't sparkle dust it's a belief system like science is a methodology
magick
magick is causing a change through will
magicks*
Maintain alts is a task unto itself.
...major fun? its only 11:30am here....
make it simpler for ya
Make it so. Live the dream. <3
Making uncomfortable subject marginally comfortable.
Makise?
Mal
malesplicer, this is your first official warning. Behave yourself and be respectful of other people's beliefs.
Malfael's crazy awesome uncle
Malfael: that's what I was referring to in that pm
Mal is not in this channel
Mal must have all sort of .gifs
many spoop
marionette strings.
massive condensation*
matter*
maybe a month
maybe artificial ghosts, uh
Maybe do some more meditation? I think you're making it more complicated than it needs to be.
maybe give me some why's and hows as to how this happens to beings like her
maybe it was cause she was yelling it
maybe later
maybe like 15 min
Maybe next time I'll let her play and I'll tap.
maybe veelox?
maybe we are
Maybe you will get used to it?
May I refuse to answer that
Me?
meanie
meaning you just cant ignore them there horrible
means your starting to clear the junk out
med. . itate.
/meditate/s mhm
Meditation is it's own reward
Meditation is quite nice
ME FLORIDIAN
meh.
Meh.... but thanks, Sky.
Meh damnit, they're all in ohio and Indiana
meh s' borin.
meh.  That's enough Fish Plays Pokemon for one day.  It's made almost zero progress XD
Memory check.
Memory usage
Mess of hair down there though.  :S
meta
meta-beyond physics-physics.
meta: how do?
meta: massive erections touching anuses
meta me some food.
Meta stuff is weird.
Metatate
Me too.  I am absolutely horrible at it :/
'm giving you the simplest terms. There are unlimited options, to be completely truthful.
mhm
Mhm.
mhmmmm =3
Mh that was interesting, I had no idea Talmena could do that
might as well :U
Might have got to the vibrational stage?
Mina-chan would be correct
Mina was created from it
Mina.... where'd you go?
Mind is a difficult science.
mine felt cold
mine have great ideas
mine just pulsate with their associated wetern colors
Mine prefers Subway.
Minoring in Computer Information Systems.
*missed the links*
misworded it
Mkay :3
mm.  I couldn't tell you if i've  consciously had it
mmm...
mm maybe but i'v all but gotten use to it and its effects
mmm I may go soon but not right now
mmm not much :(
mmm, phantom wings
mmm pretty shure is the thunder game isn't it?
Mm somewhat
monster
Monster drinks, honey dijon flat pretzels, powdered doughuts, and arby's food do not go well with each other
more information now in on the adam and eve masturbation situation
more like "lets make it  overly complicated, just for the fucxk of it"
More or less the polar opposite of a metaphysics community.
more so now?
more words D=
'morning
Most likely yes
most like would have been back sooner but freinda wanted some time with me
Most of the princibles of this shit, relies on control of that.
Most of these are mine, the one's that aren't are marked. I would post my DA but lazy and unupdated.
Most things can play MP3. I used what was common.
moving arm
moving too much reassocates him
mowglycdb got told to ask a question in here. I am spectating.
MRI i didn't feel anything though that I remember
much different than what I had...
much like the meta ghetto, eh? '-'
multiple voices
my aliases for switching worked perfectly XD
My anime site I saw it on
my arm feels weird now
my beach experience was <3
my chair*
my chakra all feel the same
My effort gets diluted by believing in magic, you mean?
My electron state
my finger gurts...
My first day with empathy, I was compelled to express dumb things.
My fucking god this guy is boring
my gabber'll like it.
My host and i are fine
my host gets distracted
My host nearly had an aneryism
My host needs someone to hold him accountable to do it
My limit is mutually informed consent.
My local kink chapter munches at a chinese joint
my mind is blown
My mindvoice is really loud at the moment
My other IRC connection reset.
My personal view on it is that it'd be better to work on the connection and improve it on a more permanent basis
My profiles normally consist of "I'm a cunt, get the fuck over it, Not here to impress you, not here to fit a fucking checklist of bullshit lies to rope you in, if you want to fucking talk, talk to me, otherwise fuck off. and if you don't like swearing go fuck yourself".
My root chakra is like bitch get back down here
my system is currently pony free XD
... my terminology is lacking here
my third eye chakra has been getting more active.  it keeps going overboard.
my version sounds better cause i didn't bit crush mine TT
nah
Nah
nah, im just working on it still while attempting to talk
nah, I thought you meant today
Nah, mine haven't been weird as in strange but weird as in deep
nah.  that might have got chezario on my ass.  and/or any shielding he might have
Nah this is too much fun watching you try
nah, yeh want ter be a good person, so yer doin whatcha want there, too.
Nap*
natural harmonics on a bass?  Interesting
naw seriously they're like, the make love not war part of our family tree.
*neat
Needless to say I don't like to have to ask others to do my shit
Need to come up with something for theory Thursday tomorrow
neither did they
neither do i
never did like him
never done shrooms before
never heard of it. what's it about?
NEVER I SAY NEVER
New realms
newsflash: Tulpas
new testament is episode 3
Next step?
Nice work :)
Nick: Are you asking what's a hiatus?
Nick, make a wish.
Nick tried to see his headspace
night all
night Bin, Hikari
night/morning/afternoon all
Night, nycto
nly being one misplaced space between a metaphysical porno or witnessing a homicide
nm
Nno.... no..
Nnystyxx, what?
No..
NO
No amount of disruption will change or undo that you succeeded.
No anata
Nobody who is just starting at meditation is good at it
No, but it is possible to show that I haven't tampered with the document if you receive it and can hash it to the same value :P
no continue as long as you want?
no couldnt get past my own frontloading
No Fallenangel lately?
no hell
No, I already cleared that up
No, I am giving you a warning. Not kicking you.
No I do not
no, if programmed correctly they work universally
No, I have some weird bone issues in my legs.
no, i'm beginning to work on that.... she knows that we can't do it yet
No, I think it was from me
no it probably wont
no, it proves that scientists *can* read a person's mind
no its not
no, just questioning why.
No, Kat is a girl :-P
No, me
no. meta in general
Non-disordered.
no need to shout
none of them are really that mutually exclusive
none of us ever could figure out the possession thing
no, no sup, I'm Mafalda
no not really into those kind of games
No nycto i don't anymore.... I CAN'T TAKE THAT RIGHT NOW
no one?
Nooo
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
no pain from either
nope, Australia
nope it works just fine
No penis....
No problem.
No problem.  I would recommend using them as a springboard and not a definitive guide. Also look up other resources on things
no real shap just blob like
nor I
normal
normal
North Korea?
no shit Sherlock
No signs of Fallenangel yet?
not able to do it through the normal meditative way yet.  but oh, i've come a long damn way in the last couple weeks
not asking you to like dissect me or whatever
Not as such.
Not at all.
Not a whole lot :3 How about you?
note that I didn't say "free" will.  Just will
Note that she may not be aware that she's being manipulative.
not exactly, but there are some around
Not far, about an hour from here.
No that's chemicals :P
No, there is no taboo. Unless you consider it taboo to be an overly defensive dick about your beliefs.
Not her family* Her adopted family, she was abused before*
nothing
Nothing drastic.
Nothing I can do to stop it.  Maybe delay it.  Possibly change hwo it happens.  But it'll happen.  Why worry about dying?  it's going to happen whether you want it to or not
Nothing lewd bothers me any more
nothing of note really.  Other than my neck and thigh hurt from sitting up that long, with a bit of pressure in my lower back.
notice the difference.
Not if you reprogram them... I think
Not in the mood to be psychoanalyzed right now. :p
Not let's get it up to the level where it can think abstract thought.
not mine
:] not much
Not much, how are you?
not much.  Meditated for a half hour.  Still feeling the calm
Not only that but shit quality too
Not over the phone or over text tho
not overweight
no to what. not doing it with mental disorders?
Not recursive
not resources
' not sure if even should be having serious talk or not]
not sure if healthy
not that hard wonderland. or at lest a basic one is about visualization.
not that i am suggesting you are a kinkster, but you would be surprised at the diversity on a site like Fetlife
not that last part
not that young has anything to do with it... we just suck at making strong things right off the line XD
Not to mention you were unable to count your fingers
Not trying to take side here, just calling it like I see it.
Not when you're able.
not yet...
Now
NOW
no wait
Now do you guys understand why I said what I did?
Now I am also curious
Now if you believe yourself competent, on the other hand, feel free to create warnings.
Now I'm slapping them with it
now i need aa shower
No worries.  I am doing test calls anyways
Now stop asking me stupid shit.
Now that I'm relaxed commonly ADHD is kicking back in
now that is easier said than done
Now what?
Now you're ARE an interesting one aren't you?
no, you gave examples of things that are already trivial to explain scientifically
noy you're a pinata
Nurse my headache lol
nut/overies are sub navel?
nuuu
ny
nycto i was joking when i saw that
nycto mind if we test this?
Nycto{Siouxsie}: Is there more to your concern than general domain safety?
Nycto{Siouxsie}: my arm feels better now
Nycto's pretty damn awesome though
Nycto's the owner
Nycto, without the content of the warning, it was actually more properly a threat.
Nycto, yeah, I am a couple billion different ways familiar with that reasoning.
o\
:O
Observe the effects on the target.
Observe the thoughts that are hers, create the thoughts that are yours.
(of attraction)
of course.  Don't you know we're praying to Nikinor in silence?
Of course, it's also recursive over time.
of course it's doable
o firiro, u shouldn't have :3
of which no two are alike
oh
oh.
Ohai generic IRC user
ohai peeps
ohai then
Oh? A mod you say. How serious
oh a rehilete ^.^
oh, a typo
Oh, cool. :D
oh dear.
oh fun, want to spill what you have planned?
Ohgod duncall me senpai
oh god.  I almost want to ask what the best new age bullshit you've come across is XD
oh god, lol
oh good.... sorta
oh hai
oh hell.. hell was fun ^~^
oh hey
Ohhhhhhhh
Ohhh.. is your body androgynous enough for it?
oh hi
oh.  How old are you?  I mean, like, when were you created?
OH, I didn't realize you had that kind of cough syrup.  Yeah.  Enough of DXM will make you hallucinate lol
ohi dusk
Oh i know. But in the long run i don't think it'd be benefitial for people who can't already do it. A file to get someone into a meditative state, sure, but after that the work really should be done by them on their own, and not suggested what they should feel.
Oh i know lol
Oh, I thought you were talking about a normal guitar
Oh, it will hurt.
oh, it worked
oh.  I typoed\
Oh mah gawd Dam
Oh mN
Oh my
oh my, he wants me to fake getting up to use the restroom and get a drink
...oh no...I fear that laptop might not be on right now '-'
Oh no, I have no problem with the way you run your own channel.
Oh none of this makes sense.
oh no wait, it wasn't guessing an object
Oh, one thing about last night that I forgot to mention when I was doing the way to get into the headspace
Oh OnO
Oh rly
Oh sauteeing is a piece of cake
oh sorry
Oh so youre posting them to the rest of the channel? :(
oh, 'sup scrappy
oh sweet.
Oh the warmth?
oh this was during forcing
oh, wait, that was the person i told to come in here that you told me not to talk to
oh wait, you can't. be glad
oh, wow.  Hey
oh wow :u
Oh yeah
Oh, yeah.
oh yes
oh yes, that's a major one
oh you know I LD I should just make a pair next time I dream
oh you mean same question?
Ok,
Ok...
ok :3
okaaaaaaaay....
okay, I gave her a new number
okay, i'm back
Okay, smashing. Where do we start?
okay so
okay, will be back
Okay, woo, phone testing's done
ok cool,
ok, done
..ok how the fuck do people take 100 laxatives a day without dying.
Okie
ok ill fix the res
ok.... i'll take that as a go ahead
....ok not upset
ok now you're playing it up XD
ok shall i scan erinn or kitty?
ok so
ok then,
ok then...
ok whaty i saw was clouds
okY my phone is lGfy
Omg, a topic O.O
OMG SHES SAYING EXACTLY WHAT I SAID.
Om non nom
on?
once wrote myself a note for a few years into the future
"Once you are finished writing down everything that you can think of, determine from what source your desire will come, and the impact that the source may have."
One day.........
One day I'm going to make a servitor that can do my job just for the lols
one of the ten trillion trillion beings humans call Dragons
One of the things I learned while I was away was that motivation isn't a resource, or an emotion.
one of those old fake tv psychics
one should not dismiss the nobility of those containers - imagine the millions saved in leftovers
one we tried to make
One which bacon lube would be fun.
only 1 being from the local area
Only buy lenovo if you want crap reliability and service
only one capter a week on our book
only thing you got right is the height... which is weird sinse skyler is always sensitive about being shorter than other's... i thought she would have made a midget XD
only those without sufficient foresight ^^
On Netflix lel
on the other hand forge did admit not knowing exactly how everything worked, so that's usually a sign of not being full of shit
On the other hand though -- what if THIS reality is the lie?
ony
on your client?
O_O
O-O
oogling david bowie
Ooh...
ooh, that sounds fun
o ok
Oooh.
Oooh i've read some of these
Oooooh.
Ooooooo
ooooooooh
Ooooooooo
opportunities errwhere today =3
opposed to you saying that I need to be silent mind
ora
or a bee.
or any meta community
Or anyone able to scan
or a sigil .-.
Or at least to computationally complex
Or double..
Or else they are prevented from interfering by a powerful veil.
organizations, as you put it
Or group, whatever*
Or if I'm feeling my bladder..
originally it was to help teach people faster
or is that just practise
or is their host their higher self?..... in a way
Or just use one or two ways to do something
or like Minecraft where there are certain tunnels underground
Or maybe barely above?
or maybe they do it by design... who knows
Or rather, the same reasons, but differently.
or rather... who was booped?
orrrrrr
Or softeners.
Or that.
... or the host being diabetic. that'd probably be worse.
or to breech privacy.
or two
or why they do anything eles that they do
OR you can do something productive
Or you can just intensify the vibration stage until you get ejected
Or you just don't sleep at school.
Other can probably sense more.
Others would probably not appreciate being pinged XD
Otherwise it's overanalised and might fuckup
oTZ
Ours was similar
Our system would rather pursue the truth and try to help others learn and understand it in doing so
out of curiousity, what are the others?
Outrageously rude stuff, like, "I'd cut your limbs off, etc etc" always having an attitude.
overtightening them does that
:o who you callin' a ho?
owwie
Ozzie pees himself on stage almost every show. :V
palette*
pandora has fur :P
Panic attack induced?
papers be cool yo
part of me finds that funny and part of me finds it annoying
Part of your mind that stops fun shit happening
:P don't worry I usually am
*peeks in*
People bury themselves in that point on the map and give up
People enjoy different things, and I respect that
People have been asking for ones for switching.. Which i'll do after some personal ones that are first.
people here are nice
People trade is one belief for another and either gain a bit of freedom or gain a bit of limitation.
People with predispositions towards genetic illnesses aren't always ill themselves. It's like being at risk for heart diseases. Doesn't mean you're gonna get one, just means it's riskier for that person than most.
percussie maintenance.
Perhaps being the same person is what prevents transplanar communication
Personality changes.
personality malleablity?
Personally I believe meditation is about intent
Personally, I think this universe is just as freeform as any other part of infinite potential existence.
pffft
Pffft, Canada ain't shit.
pft i ant scare of either of you just wanted to be low key
pft.  I'd prefer not to be torn apart energetically
pic related
Picture that when you blink you'll appear next to meh
pi cuddle everyone ]
:P  i figured, was teasing
place*
Plane.
playing golf?
playing Terraria
Please. Convince me that meta is real
please don't troll people asking legitimate questions
please don't turn this into "well, that's only your opinion man"
please, i'd end up walking up to the tree and awkwardly hugging it, and I dunno how Quora would climb it with hooves XD
plox
Plus, imagining me.
plus music
Pluviophile~
Poke about like how?
poke Hikari for me Bin :P
politics x_x
Poltergeist.
poor binana =(
poor guys
possess and switch
Possession is kind of fun, Petrichor.
#powerproxy
practice i guess
practice is kind of necessary for everything
practice makes perfect.
Pretty damn good xD
pretty fun actually, last time i did it i was all worked up over something or just stressed or something and it was going off the walls and shit XD
pretty much
Pretty much
pretty sure you need REM sleep
previous conversations
Probably about an hour :P
Probably could make me scream with a well-placed finger.
Probably true.
Probably yeah with helping Talmena project
proff enough
project?
Protecting him would be making sure and helping learn what's what, what could happen, and so forth.
provided you don't use a prexisting one
proxy hour thingy
psionics cured stupid once
psy may be hipster
Psy = me.
Psyonide: because i've been studying this for years. i can go into it further if you can't believe what i say on it's face
Psyonide: by checking the positions of the stars, let's say. if they change based on past culture...
Psyonide: i meant this specific channel
Psyonide:  Inexperienced with visualization, meditation, relaxation, concentration, etc.
Psyonide - Interesting blog.
Psyonide is soundling some pragma dude
Psyonide: that's not at all true, those aren't the limits
Psyonide this isnt funny
Psyonide: What if thats flawed doe
psyonide when are we doing it bro
psy the missuse of the word "autism" however can
*pumps fists like he were cheering*... vocode vocode vocode
purely internal, not sure what you mean
Purge or regular server
puzzle out>
pweeeeeease?
quick question
quirk: trait that is out of the ordinary
Quora: my actual client is running on my server and this just lets me accesses it
Quora seems like she's decent with stress too though.  Although at the moment overwhelmed with it
Quora: you still like it, admit it :P
quoted
randomly having people talk to me when I'm normally ignored
Rarely, in my experience, are people aware of what they are doing on subtle cognitive motives like that.
Rationalist community.
Rationalists in terms of practicing rational thinking rather than "a bunch of people who rationalize their loosely founded beliefs and experiences."
read the article
read the end of that paste
real...? i can get a dictionary definition
really
Really, if I see a vampire growl I'm going to lose it.
Really into the practice
really, you pay for the mentorship.
{Real tails i imagine are better, you can swish them around to prove a point.}
Red head lol
Redish{Erinn}: I don't measure in distance.
Redish{Erinn}: The hard part is finding new angles to look at things.
redish just did it for fun and as something to do with my friend and to explore new things, go boldly where no man has gone before and all that
release thy semen
Religions are just trying to do their best to step the damage until the awakening.
remember, you have control over who you add and there is a block feature
Remind me not to do that then
rena, i dont have the luxury to write articles based on my personal opinion and worldview
Rena is pushing me to get a decent sleeping rhythm
repressed memories?
resillience
Reuniting with an old internet friend~
Rewind to the very beginning.
right*
Right
right hand plox
Rightio
Right, it mentioned you in the third person.
Right now, I'm not at the stage where I can reliably teach.
Rizon.
rizon #meta now hates me
rofl
roflcopters
Rose: That's not quite nearly true.
Royally fucked up that part.
r skeptics
rtgh45y3q4tyq34yt
ryonaloli: And you're still misreading what I said from yesterday.
ryonaloli: Another method of testing would be to study the interactions between cultures of people.
ryonaloli: How about this.
ryonaloli: How do you know there is a difference?
ryonaloli: You can do it metaphysically and think it's psychology.
ryonaloli: You can give me evidence.
ryonaloli: You can use magic however you like. How would you like to benefit?
ryonaloli: You made assertions.
's a good book
sah meta
{Salve.}
same
same. Contemplating naps
same here
same here trying to add some constucts here and there
same I guess
san is more fromal
Sanity is overrated
sauce*
saw the doc you mean?
Science is about finding the true variable.
Science is about inquiry.
science is a tool :P and you can always make a better wrench
science is only as perfect as the measurement tools
Search by your region
^seconded
See?
see above linked thing
see line below
seems legit
Seems legit
Seems legit, I could use a masturbation teacher too :P
See what you see, literally
see ya Mal
see you.
Self-hypnosis?
sept for our paracosm
sept he wasen't really able to control what he was looking at
sept it's only happened once
serena's "human after all" =)
serious question
serious question, but if you believe in magic, why don't you use or try to use magic to bypass the ads?
Seven would say healthy, but I don't agree with that. Non-disordered is more accurate.
's everyone up to?
sexytimes
's fucking wonderdrug
*shakes Firiro violently and sarcastically* THAT'S NO HELP TO ME AT ALL
she*
She correctly identified something I didn't see the other day.
She could come live with me.
SHE DOMS YOU LIKE HER BITCH.
Sheesh.
She has been since I popped into irc
She hasn't really done that in a while though. Pretty consistently vocal although sometimes a few words will be jumbled.
she is, but fierce too
She'll be okay though. She's calming down some.
She needs more juice :P
She never told any of us.  But she knew.  I know it
She said she thought she saw dark hair but you left quick
She says her country wouldn't have done such if she was still there in control
she's gg'd on the floor
she's got a lot of them
Shes got the mentality of a ~12 year old girl.
she so friendly :U
she's said this multiple times XD
she's so cute
she took a shower and masturbated
... she was
she was supposed to be an ai product XD
she won't let me scare him :/
Shi
shi shi c: I believe he did
Shi-shi-Geniveve is a shapeshifter.
Shi-shi, I'll start first if you don't mind
*shit
Shit, I even tried playing graphically impressive games like TERA just to try and pay attention to the 3D environments in visualization and that didn't really help either XD :(
shit thats easyer
shit toke me months to quite my mind
shoot because of where I live, my room's a fortress normally.
Should I introduce myself....?
shouldnt be to hard
Should raise an army.
*shrug* even if she was right on a lot of things doesn't mean anything compared to his own experiences.
*shrug* off topic is allowed... if people don't want it here we can always move it.
shut up eme
Shut your eyes, and try and see and feel everything from the perspective of your right foot.
*sigh*
sigils are fun
Silly as it sounds I didn't want to move her.
silly muggle
Simply don't make them believe they are something or someone they are not.
Since I focused on my breathing and that's all I did
since that is the jist of what I have heard around here
Since they are easily mistaken for shitakes, it's easy to say you didn't know the difference, which makes them perfectly legal to have in Florida.
since they would be the only person near me or able to speak to
Sit in a straight back chair...and put some cold water on your face before your session starts
Skin coats do sound comfortable..
skip
Skyler: Are you uncomfortable in any way?
Skyler has a tail?
Skyler is sharing your headspace, so how could you tell the difference between skyler and your head? In my opinion that would be a counter productive way to try to look at things
{Skyler is sweet.}
skyler's a metaphysical entity
............... skymuffin? =3
skype?
skyrim is fucking crazy
*sleepin*
Sleep Yoga
Slower paced too.
sludge, sludge everywhere
Smaller hair, overall more attractive anthro cat. Still very 80s.
smoke detector*
snake things
snicker.
So*
so about that shit
So, anything else for me?
so are alarm clocks
So at least have an escape plan or something.
so can you :v
Sociopathy isn't ALL boiling babies alive in their mothers' blood.
So come off that
So dividing out arguments, what's left in everyday life where critical thinking is really terribly useful?
so drunk
So far, yes.
SO FAST 2014 GOTY
So firiro, do you just perceive your wonderland if you close your eyes?
So halfspeed i suppose
So he's an ahole
so how be you on this fine night?
so how goes them meditations trick?
so how wrong am i?
so i can do a compare
so i claim this as a success
So I did some time focusing just on the breath and then switched to focusing on third eye and once again, I noticed hypnogogia and dissociative feels in the body
So if they disprove telepathy for numbers, does that then make everything else disproven too?
So if you're lucky you'll have a rock
so i get this right
so i'll rephrase
So I'm reading Nycto's guide
So I really don't go to the sub anymore
So is DMT talk allowed
So is that one you are using
so I trust that
... So it's basically just noting what people do on their own time?
... So it's not actually metaphysics related and just spiral arguements to dickmeasure what level of proof is possible for shit that doesn't matter?
so it was a huge shock to my system
So, Kara's been inside for like 4 days. It's been disconcerting.
So let me make sure I have this correct:
So let me present this then.
So let us be silent then, seeing as the only conversations we should have are those with... points.
So, marijuana might be becoming fully legal in my state
So maybe you shouldn't diss the giant's shoulders we're all standing on.
so may i try again?
So meditating while doing other stuff
someone copypaste the last 10 or so lines of chat pls
someone even typed his password back to him and everything
Someone ought to upload a ton of sigils.
someone reads you and says what they see and thats about it
some people say 5 minutes as often as you can is good enough for psychic development, and other's say half an hour straight a day is enough
some people will just say they don't agree
Some say its easy as imagination.
So meta =P
Something between you and someone else is bothering you.
Something like that, Im not sure
Something some other can observe.
something something this is where the magic happens
sometimes I DO have to rely on emotions because hell, sometimes she can't remember what she says by the time I type it.
Sometimes I don't even hear noise really
sometimes i just hear it
Sometimes they use them good.
Somewhat.
So much new vocabulary :(
song's over, good night everybody o/
so, no.
Sooksie pooksie? '-' it is fun ~w~
so once i figure out how to fucking use it we will do something with that too
soooo he can get tentacle raped no?
So passive forcing is
sorry .__.
Sorry for late replies, doing art stuff
(sorry for spam)
"sorry, gonna masturbate inside you"
{Sorry, Nycto... 3: }
Sorry :P
Sorry, pardon my language.
sorta
Sort of like alternating your eyes to see the difference in perspective between them.
So Scrappy i'm curious, that necklace I made when we were doing the thing.  Did it eventually vanish, or did you guys just take it off?
So Shi, did it hurt looking at all the sludge or...?
so sioux can you find other people in the world rather easily?
So that I had time to at least set up the basic stuff
So that kept me busy a while
So that what I was trying to do, had less internal mental blocks to get it to work
So then there where only three
so the same rules would apply to it being incest rather than masterbation
So.  This is going to sound like a really stupid question.  But.  How can I tell whther i'm in deep enough of a meditative state to try to do anything?   I kind of had a moment of clarity not really knowing how deep i am actually managing to get.
So to help me first,
So tomorrow should be interesting.
Sounds complex
sounds exciting
sounds fun lol.  Just getting in to work
sounds like a good idea tho id drink some beer
Sounds like Fun.
Sounds like you #mest up.
Sounds like you're on the right track.
sounds like you're oversleeping too :P
So we both need to achieve lucidity and stuff at the same time?
so what about AP?
so what are some opinions on the afterlife heavon hell etc...?
so what games shall we play? monopoly?
so what is this "next step"?
so what's your background on metaphysics
so what's your favorite thing to make, Anna? Do you ever make peanut butter cookies?
So where does lucid dreaming come into play?
So would you agree then that as a community, we should be trying to lay down ground rules for safety
so would you believe me if i said i was god, but i couldn't prove it to you because the cosmic dictator told me not to give anyone real proof?
so yeah
so you cant just change it and all that XD
So you have consciousness.
So you're a... catshark? XD
So you're a MPD person?
So you start by putting yourself into a mindset of viciousness and brutality, and start thinking that none are worthy and stuff like that
speak for yourself
Speaking of.
Speaking of letting things happen
speed test that shit too XD
Spiders used to be cool.
Spirits can cause it, yes.
Spoofing is faking an address not a connection
spooky
's rude.
's same thing
stabby?
standard
start slow?
Stay pls
Stay strong bro
stem*
still hungry
Still.  Is an interesting concept, no?
still is like that
(still ready :D)
stop
Stop fighting it.
Stop trying so hard :P
Storage entities?
Stretch every muscle in your body, sit/lay down, close your eyes, and shake your eyes
s/troll/spaghetti
Stuff like sugar free mints. It's an artifical sweetner.
subc*
Subtle isn't the goal though.
such egragore
such learning
such lurk
Suns aren't furry :P
'sup?
sup*
sup guys
sup Trick_
Sure beats tracking down these old books
sure in a few
Sure, reading material helps, thanks.
suup
suuuuuure
sweet.
sweet, I got a server flood warning
switching that is
t5XD
t7 apparantly has a girlfriend and everyone assumed he did because he hasn't been around
Tablet actually
talking about jedi mind tricks
Talking about the fin is right part.
talking TO her isn't the problem
Talmena is active today, I've been laughing like an idiot at the smallest funny things
Tben they can help me stay on track
Teah
Technically her name is erinn, but that might get confusing so I nicknamed her kitty :P
technically no
Tell me about it.
Tell me what you saw
Tempting.
*testing
tever, but meta is more important.}
tg_: Only as trolls, occassionally.
thaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaats better
thalia.... if I pour honey on a voodoo doll will you put your soul into it? we can go watch a movie
Thank fuck someone else
Thanks
Thanks =)
Thanks, everyond
Thanks, mate.
Thank you.
THank you.
thank you :3
that*
That and as old as the school is they could have done a lot of shit with their money
That and I'm 6'6.5" with the metabolism of an Olympics runner
that app dont work on iphone browswers
... that bot isn't in here is it..
that could also do it
That could be hallucination too.  I acknowledge that.
that could explain it
.. That doesn't make you unable to ap?
That doesn't mean anything
That experience is what can't be measured, as such there's no real objective way to see if someone even felt it or not.
that gabe person irks me
that had to hurt
(that I don't want to harm)
That i never spoke in because fuck keeping up with those.
that is about it
That is good.  I'm guessing the girls are asleep?
THAT...... is hard to fallow
That is how we first achieved full body.
That is one heavily tranquilized cheetah
That is the default mobile nick
that is understandable.  I've been out once, that I know of. And that was assisted.
That is why you can't "mess up" meditating
That, I think is a chiball.
that masturbation method is currently the only way that I have to quickly enter a deep enough state to really fire it.
that may be an exaggeration
that might be fun
that might help
That only explains every other case.
that problem was?....
that reason enough to touch it
That rolls nicely off the tongue :)
thats all
that's all deliciousness right there. Sugar and water and dough and science = yummy.
That's all I have XD
that's amazing XD
Thats awesome Nick
That's because linux doesn't suck
that's been my nickname for her recently
That's common.
That's enough internet for tonight XD
thats fine
that's genius
thats helped alot ^^
That's how I feel about AP
That's how you know she's healthy.
That's impressive. I'm just stark-raving mad
that's interesting
thats like 9:15 am
that's my answer
That's my fault, for clarification, not the method XD
that's normally a way to attune your energies toward that particular chakra as well.
That's not how explanation works.
Thats okay too Chao, at least they're there for you guys
That's okay :)  Use your experiences and knowledge
That's ok. Talk about whatever you feel comfortable with sharing, whenever you want. We just want to help you.
that sounds interesting
... That sounds like the kind of thing Grey would get really self conscious about if publicly discussed :U
that sounds pretty cool
That's probably bad news.
That's right you better get out.
That's so you don't go out and kill yourself recklessly
That's strange
That's the exclusion of information though, but still anything outside of a 169,127 or 255 IP address is technically connected
thats the thing though, i dont really see why its such a big deal that they want to make their own sub
That's the thing with which I have the least experience.
thats the time I plan to start
that's usually the point
That's what I figured.
that's what it feels like anyway
That's what it felt like
that's what i thought you said
That's what they all say.
That's while on youtubehd and steam
that's why I got into meta
That's why I was pointing out the ethical vs. moral implication.  The scenario breaches the expected social ethics but not your own personal morality.
That's why they went into a servitorlike mode
that's worked with a few people i've talked to
that terminal editor
That the universe never obeyed different laws.
That voice was really clear.
that was $5. then he gave me another $5 to send him a copy of it, and then $2 to photoshop out a tiny blemish
that was a fun read
That was a weird song.
that was done before
that was me XD
that was my birthday money
That was my host :)
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ that wasn't very kawaii of you
That was once apon a time before Dean came along, thanks Deany youre our saving grace
that was pleeb
That was the fun part..
That way the controls aren't a standard structure to focus on
that will hurt
that works
{That would be a fun thing to try...}
that would be Skyler's nickname
That would be step 1
that would be tetradotoxin, it doens't even have the same effects as atropine
That would explain why you're acting like yourself, ie., comfortable.
the*
The Adkins and mods don't like /me
the aim is to clear your mind
the air?
the arty kind
The background pic could do with something higher-res
the bbq seems to have broken up
The best things in life are worth working for.  We can't fix that.
*the blanket nods*
the brain waves that "cause" consciousness were done by computers
the cake is a lie
The change can seem small in the moment, but greater minds will be aware of the true effects.
the colors where light
the common link is something personal for Dracos memories...
The concept and the actual method of doing it is pretty straightforward
The control room section itself is about the size of a small hall.
The damn thing was walking around my house
The effect is that the exact reasons and triggers for host attention to bodily affairs varies between hosts.
The effects are strong, but don't last a long time (in real time)
the effects of an experiment or test on society is not part of science
The fact that a human had to program it doesn't make the answers biased
The fact that others have their own mind and perceptions.
the file ended and you snapped out?
"The first note I got was about him being aware I was controlling his body, but he was okay with it and allowing it to happen out of curiosity "
The first two are not languages :P
... The fuck are you pissing? Acid?
the fuck do they have both half voice and lower than half voice?
The fuck lol
The girls have been pretty active today
The glycerine acts as a laxative, and there's something else that numbs the muslces..
The glyph, the one time it worked for me, started me off on some shitty beach.
the guides are far more information than i had when i started
The hell is going on in here?
The hypnotist behind the pony crap is a pretty piss-poor 'tist.
The idea of gaming on a laptop yet having to carry a mouse annoys me, tracknubs i can easily play fps games and stay level with people on mouse
The image that you saw was of a dragom.
the internet
Their*
(their personality traits etc)
The knowledge of this entire universe.
The last time I went there, I ended up losing 25 Talents (about $50 USD) which was about half a day's pay and put myself in serious risk.
the lenses exclude the 400-300nm wavelengths from what I'm reading here
The LessWrong community.
The lie down, I thought she was stuck in headspace
The math is what scared me away from it, actually. :P
The meditation thing, Nick
The memories, that is.
The mind has a tendency to think it is being spoken about.
The moon guy?
The more people learn the true outcomes of kindness, the more often it will be chosen to be practices.
the mp3
The mroe you focus on not thinking the more you think
Then again, their language probably limits the types of thoughts they can communicate to each other.
Then again, yesterday my imaginary friend somehow drove a car down the interstate for at least a mile while I was passed out at the wheel, so I can safely say there is some weird shit out there.
Then ask, "Would it be there?"
then deploy by updating the server's copy of the blog
Then don't act like one
Then evolve you some legs.
the new neighbors finally stopped cutting the grass
The next day was the day I decided to get off drugs.
Then get to meditating
Then give Hagan control of them XD
Then go ahead and give your reasoning rather than arguing that I won't accept it.
then hypnoed
then I got to 7pm-7am
then I took my pill and waited for the hoof feeling in my hands to wear off :u
Then it's not a problem.
Then it's not easy to "get."
Then let go
Then let's just change what we know...
then make a memory construct
then near asserted control back
The notion that it is made of things is only found in this universe.
Then push out of the body with it
then reads mine ^~^
then some O2
then the white one
then they count it wrong most of the time
then they got all defensive "m-muh power level..."
then try the SP method, or the rope method, or the roll out method, or the float out method, ect
then why are mine so quite?
Then yeah
Then yes, I relaxed enough that it was able to put me in trance.  And as I mentioned, I did have a slight head pain when I woke up
then you aren't meditating.
THE ONE AND THE ONLY NIKINOR
The one criticism on the article is it doesn't actually have anything on firing the sigil XD
The one good emotion compared to all others.
The only anime I've watched this year.
the only one I'm kinda nervous about is math.
The only question i've really got left is if they have anything that they want to say to me, anything they'd like for me to do, to work on, and so forth.
The only reason I used a train in that situation is that it's an example of something you can get up and move around, autonomus, only one destination etc, has feeling and motion suggested in to help emmersion of senses etc
the only thing i was really able to see before the frontloading toke hold was a bright light .-.
the other two I had I gave up on, since making Canon characters is stupid everyone says
The outward part was right
the owner is also away
the people in this room have had all kinds of experiences and things.  people here can share their experiences and help each other come to terms with things
The person
the placement, therof
The place was impressively mundane, actually.
the point eyes are spreading
The practice I outlined is called anapanasati (awareness of breath) meditation.  It is a form of samatha (concentration) meditation
The press, itself, is not immortal nor all-powerful.
The problem here is there's all noobs and not really any teachers
the problem is you have nothing to compare it to to see if it's perfect or not.
The psychotic breakdown, was one of them kinds.
The question is whether i'll be able to reproduce it so I can actually work towards projecting
there
there
There area lot of 'new age' era books and sites that have greatly distorted things
there are currently 8 active chatters compared to the 3 here
There are different types of emotional love.
There are more ways to communicate than attempting bad instruction.
There aren't many.
there are people you like (awesome)
there are skill sets that are started, and dropped of incomplete
there are some things they say that are so consistent, you can't deny it's what they think ya know?
Therefore you can change it.
The regular dose makes me loopy.
there is?
There is a sort of tunnel vision effect to these things.
there is no name
There isn't "good enough", and just because you aren't ready for something doesn't mean that you are any less of a person.
there is one title at E3 that blew my mind enough to make me buy a sony console for the first time in my life
There is only one way to find out
There really doesn't.
.. There's 2.
There's a book called "Mindfulness in plain english" that really outlines the practice well.  There is a free edition available and the newest edition is like $8
There's a film called "Men who stare at goats"
There's a lot to it, it is confusing
There's always hope
There's an intricate chain of "why" constructed from having to explain that you slipped on the ice.
There's another song that used to literally put me to sleep NO MATTER WHAT
There's different ways of going about that part, the "roll out" method, ladder method, or just wait until vibrational stage gets so strong it just ejects you.
There's more to it than that.  I've been stuck in a loop of demotivation for 5 years now.
There's no critical thought behind the assertion that critical thought is widely applicable.
There's no real force of equivalent exchange here.
There's no way.
there's plenty of bad instruction in this community
there's redundancy
there's some Sanskrit words for all this, but I'll save you
there's usually this giant diagram or whatever in the wonderland
There's various ways, just think about it really
there there
There was a reason behind my recommendation
there we go
There will always be someone like that out there.
there will be no pot of gold. it's an infinite loop
There ya go, genius ^-^
the same thing
The scripts seem to only work for the most completely and totally suggestible people out there.
these are all good signs :)
These irc colors are gonna throw me off
The situation escalated.
The smiley of death
The storms last night
The story you recounted on pastebin.
the thing?
The thing that stops you hallucinating your thoughts?
the tingling weirds me  out lol
The truth is out there.
the universe would engage oversampling
The veil is most likely not going to allow you to spontaneously combust someone.
The walking didn't help btw
the way i made her
The will/intention for the entity to have self awareness, will, intelligence, etc.
The work I've done has been all mechanical, no real content to speak of yet.
the world jewl comes from the term "to jest" in french
they all have their own origins
they are all systems of control over body, mind, matter and time
they are good
they are in orbit
They are /just/ on the edge of the fringe, but according to popular theory rather than fringe theory.
they better not hurt my snakeys
They came in from another channel then went to bed
they can
They can shut down, and all you've done is cause them to make /another/ mental barrier.
they cause erroneous data
they cover everything from Kung Fu to Psychokinesis
They do.  but if I'm stuck in distraction, I can't hear them.  I have to fight this battle
they do have some decent morals though
They end up thinking it's hard when really you just need to know the process.
they feel different
They got bored and told em to give up trying or they'll end it.
They haven't said anything so...
They just don't fit it
they know just about everything about our relationship.... minus a few things we've done
They likely are.  I haven't done much with them at all.
They'll teach you all about it.
they must be vanquished
They only really jumped in with things when someone/myself was doing something stupid.
They probably understand though
they're artificial, but they're unbiased
theyre hearing voices and stuff
They're not going to care
They're not savage.
They're not that stupid now? :P
They're very different, and I don't like most of them
they said it does what you will it to
They say their head feels weird
they still drill holes
they tend to do that
They've been going alright, he's got them to move to his shoulders from each hand
they've been more interesting than i thought they would be
They've dated for 1 year 6 months
They won't do that.
Thing is. An appointment will take weeks. Let alone getting the fucking treatment
thing is, I hardly spend time in the room, so yeah. lolz
{Things are only as offensive as you let them be.}
think
think i got it
Thinking of meta, could a tupla create a tupla?
thinking you cant do it means you cant do it
this
this.....
this be how
this channel is often quiet
This convo is liek, made of nothing now
this feels good
This feels like a slow creep up my spine XD
this game is officially too good for its own good
(This is all ciphery stuff :P)
This is an excerpt from topic.info
this is annoying
This is getting out of hand
This is helping a lot xD
this is less exciting than I figured
this is meditative at least, something i'm getting better at
this is normal. even my tuppers are far better then me
this isn't what I wanted at all
this is probably something that should be skyped or something XD
this is SOOOOOOOO META
This is the part where you consent becomes informed as you learn that fetishes can be developed and this is the kind of place where fetishes develop.
this is why I mod here I love you guys you just be lewd and rude and idgaf
This loli easily robs you house and you never see her, not even once.
this morning a super sized blender woke me up :U I LD'ed then went to go yell at the blending fool
This moronic thing is not sending notifications
This seems to be a similar endeavor
this shit takes time
this should be interesting :P
this time is different
This was just pay attention to the sensations of your breathing and don't think about anything.
"this + within style dissociation" ?
tho everytime i mange a LD its becuase i logic way to finding out its a dream T_T
tho i find sometimes i can get a good 6~6.5ish out of 10
those are all the ones I've seen anyway
those are different if you haven't noticed
Those are the 3 possibilities
Those 'buildings' wern't there until I started making them
Those're my games
Those who insist their interpretation of a set of events is more correct of that of a complete stranger's interpretation have some severe maturity issues.
though
though*
though its kinda weird to how it ends.
Though I wold prefer the option that lets me talk to him on the internet.
Though perhaps Talmena wants to be a pirate pony, would be both amusing and adorable
thought he had an actuall paste bin
Thought kids were both parents'...
thought this was a different one
thouh thats different.
Throat is vomiting
Thunder: weechat
Thursday night we decided to not restyle the app in situ at all, and instead make a wireframe and style sheets with elements that adhere to their naming conventions.
thus i made a light
thy shall not finds me
time for me to disassociate
times a thousand
time space continuum ripped a little, why?
timetest
tiring though XD
tis ok bin
tis only real if you think it is XD
tiss all i had when i created my first one
tiss bad possture
tiss good tiss good
tiss late guys
tiss not good Kirgiri
tiss simple.. but i know what you mean i was there once
tiss so quite
tiss why i try things i create things i come up with new ways to try and do things and then try them
tldr fake it till you make it, like everything else.
tmi
To actually type that for her.
To anyone's*
to a point
To be honest, i don't worry about the veil falling.  Things would go to hell in a handbasket But at least i'd have some idea of what was going on.
to be honest we dont exactly know why it works down to a science, just that it does and its byproducts can be observed up to and including real time
to clarify -- which way?
to do it again
to find nothing
To have a reason to be here beyond that, it'd need to be personal. :P
To host
tok ill try sky
To me, it feels...tingly
To me it sounds physical...
to me magic is what a magician does on stage ..
Tons of matrix multiplication to simulate a giant neural net that is processed by people donating their processing power
Took me a while to figure out how to use it.
too late for that
too lazy*
Too lazy to clear channels
Toot toot
topics
to prevent "error" when it's doing something important
to see if you can hear her laugh
toshiba
to the clouds,
To try and prevent being overwhelmed with shit.
touching it fees weird
track is messed up as shit still
trail and error
Trance.
Treatment by sclerotherap
Trick: do you feel anything?
Trick: it's more conceptual than a ritual you have to do.
trick, just hang on aiight, calm your horses
trick, maybe you limit yourself subconciously via realism?
tried being all happy with it hoping that would induce a smile or something
'Triggered' has many meanings for me.
Troll
trollolololol
True
true but i was talking about the belife system alone
True enough '-'
{True facts}
truenuff. whatchu been upter?
true serena there most stable and solid
true story. are dragons real?
True that.
Truly what I find to be real in life.
Truste.
trust me i tried
trust me, it works and its accurate, i already tried it out
try
Try a dream journal c:
Try again then too.
try and clear your mind and everything
tryeds logging in on my phone
try from the wonderland
Try heroin
trying now..... scrolling wasn't working for a sec
Trying to get new stuff done
trying to kill this fly
trying to learn stuff
Trying to think of anything else I learned to do or other shit from last night that was interesting
try not to piss people off intentionally
try stop caring
try that projection method also
try them
Try waiting.
Try what?
try what Trick_ ?
tso we will view it as if it were moving backward across the sky?
T_T god damned lepercons
T_T i fugged that up
T_T nap time is calling for me
T_T not cool Darkness
ttyl
T_T your impossible to understand
tuefacts
Tulpa
TULPAINFO. stahp
Tulpas are half the reason that I want to project XD
Tulpas are not playthings, and are useful though.
Tulpas but with a specific intention and function in mind?
tup is actually a verb that refers to the action of sex with sheep
Tuplas don't need to obey all the laws of physics
tupper?
Turns out, I stayed awake through the early stages of a cold I could have fought.
* turtleburger tries to figure out whats happening
twas so scary it made roninDreamer leave XD
two?
Two,
two opposite colors
Two people having the same experience isn't per-se proof of anything but should be enough to say "hey something's up here"
twould sharpen it up real nice
Ty
type it out anyway.
ty ty
Tytytytytyty
Ty, tyvm
U ami knows I just be trippin.}
U AM NOT
Uayyyyuy
ugh
Ugh...
ugh.  Damn script
ugh. fingers, fing correctly
ughfuck
ugh. Jeans :u
ugh.  seriously?  that's bullshit
ugh trig
uguu
Uh
uh, CO2
Uh dood
:U he's kind of an evil shit sooooo
Uhhhhh
Uhhhhh.
uhhhh *tries to remember the rest of that episode of South Park*
uh huh if you call this 'alignment'
Uhm
uhmm like lucid dreams and they are when I'm very relaxed like before sleep or after getting stoned and decided to WL
Uh processor idk...
uh sure
:u I can bring cashmonies, entertainment, and libations. And possibly arts.
:U I do it's hair when I'm sitting in a room bored. because why the fuck not I got time
:U it's why a lot of people put a tag in there to do no harm.
U lol
Um
um, don't do that again
Um, don't yell at me
um, go for it Kiri?
umm, how do I say this
Umm... It's hard to say, because I'm still not sure what they are.
umm, like...
ummm.... I'm going to say a bird of prey spread eagle, possibly eagle?
ummm why
um.  Ok.  I guess
Um, what you said a Turing machine can do :P
um yes
understandably
Understand the concept, but not the execution
Unfortunately.
Unfortunately it's life, and memory is a skill.
unleashes the creepers
unless i find aleins
unless I'm digesting something
unless I'm missing some strings here
{unless there are bonobo monkeys, too...}
Unless there is a party in my room. In which case I don't need to leave my room to party.
unless there is a significant mass difference between hugger and hug recipient
Unless you mean the /x/ threads
Unless you want to be one of my possessions, that is a fun gig... and I'm a sylph. So, really air elemental, but I've seen it placed under fae.
Unrelated. Not comfortable sharing. Painful topic.
untill brain virus's
untill people willingly start using them against you.
up and down mostly
Update wifi? The modem?
up is a direction relatively oppsisite of gravity
upset enough that I had to stop driving for some time to deal with it
up to you guys.  I'm nothing but time today
usa best country rabble rabble because reasons
use a couch then
use adblock
use it
use it or lose it :v
use kiwiirc.  It's better
Use some fucking logic.
ust be forewarned, you might not survive rebirth.
usually at a coffee place
{Usually for no more than about an hour or so at a time.}
usually from my perspective they're like urges or impulses
:U that's what I read
ut it's nice to entertain the possibility
ut, when I ask you to stop you carry on, then expect me to be chipper."
Uuugh
:u you don't shoot the head. That's not fun
U you know what I mean
:v
:V
Varied foreign and domestic
:v do you need me to replay the discussion for you? cause I'd rather you reread it
:v dude you have personalities on demand? what flavors are there?
've been through this before numerous times.
veelox was created in a random voidspace layer controlled by no one
very artsy
very artsy haha
very few people Trick
Very good, I shall commence, then :D
Very lurk. Much wow.
very pointy :U
Very quiet apparently
very well then
Very well then :P
Vetr: Shoot.
Viagra
video*
Virginity in romaji
Virix? Former regular?
"Virtual Private Server."
visualize the muscle relaxing
visualize the muscle relaxing
+v is virtually useless as it is
{:v neguilla always watches you}
Voices: and your sending the impression of someone who tries to insult people who disagree
Voices: i'm in a different channel to talk about it now, i won't clutter this one
Voices: to make possession easier
voicing that vid
Vox. Shut up.
Vox. Thank you.
Vox: why do we need the middle parts?
:v run in circles then, dogs do it to let out anxiety. I'm not going to argue with you. the problem was with the other guy. I'll talk to him if it'll calm your anxiety.
V_V
Waaaat
wafer?.....
wait
waitaminuuuuuuuuuuute
wait... D:
wait does the whole meta world work on BB physics?
Wait. I can contact Nycto
waiting for her to respond atm
wait, i thought chemistry was done long before
wait no
wait no
Wait so is that it?
wait, sorry, this isn't the full book for some reason
wait till i can draw a better picture of them =3
Wait until you meet the people.
wait wait who's shipping with who?
wait what i said made sense to you?
Wait whats spoop?
Wait. What swear words are allowed again? Not to insult.
Wait, your own or just "a body"
Wake-induced lucid dream
wake up an hour and a half later
walnuts
Wanna trade?
want a shock?
wanted more opinions without frontloading
Wanted to continue a conversation from yesterday that got stopped by gaming.
Want to try for something more... Et cetera?
Warning: Firiro ahead
Was 5.12 Mbps last year
Was a guess.
Was for me when I started.
Was he ex CIA himself?
Was it a brown bear?
Was it blade 3?
was just listing them
was more of a very intense high
was not a barrel roll
wasnt*
Was stupidly easy to setup since I already weechat XD
wassup
wassup buttercups
Was there a conversational purpose that I failed to pick up on properly?
Was wondering if I should jump right back into it or if there's something else I should work on first to prepare
...wat
wat.
Wat
watch as the chat flails and dies
watch history from any perspective
... watching MTV at a very lame time -.-
watch out for them werewolves
Water is good. Too much water is bad.
watter
watter was COLD
wat?  Water evaporates
Wazzuuuuuup
wb
Wb
wb Dusky too
Weak force
We all are
we all kitty types
we all knew it would melt if ya did .-.
we also have that problem
We also suspect her color sense was off.  She saw Teresa's red hair as blue.
We always knew you were a pain in the ass.
weaponizing this...... forge... why would you need to use such a thing?...
We *are*, but that is no reason to be nonsensical.
we are literally talking about physics.  In a dream.  Why? o.o
We are not as discrete
we are not worthy
we are the malfael system :U
we are totes excited over here
we are traumatizing Thalia
We *assume* it still works the same way.
we been through some shit together man
we can just skype or something
we can't aruge anyway, i just said it
We can't go anywwhre
We'd be swamped.
We decided not to ban people just because they don't believe provided that they don't cause issues.  I feel that to do so is just building further walls.  We really have nothing to hide
.-. we did :D
we didn't get shit done
we do many things here
we don't know that i'm not a god and you're all my minions
We don't *KNOW* that it's the same universe.
We don't /measure/ the past.
weechat     |   ashe
weechat     |   ashley
weechat at what my host does can get to a gig
weed?
We envisioned a setup loosely based on the dual Waldo system for the jaegers in Pacific rim.
We "flow" from one to another
We get a lot of shit from other people, so we tend to be offended quickly when anything even remotely smells of making fun of anything metaphysical.
we gots fairies
we have a decent emotional connection
We have a dual full-body waldo thing like from Pacific Rim in ours.
we have been
we have nice things
"We have proofs."
Weight, 6 pounds for a laptop and the resolution is 1920x1080
Weight doesn't matter
we in matrix
weird thing happened last night on the way home from willams berg
we just awkwardly glance at each other when we fuck up XD
we just saw a lot of people because he was Opus Dei
we know it has to have something than more thsn just proof - faith and belief.
welcome back
welcome darkness
welcome Nycto{Siouxsie}
welcome Porceline
We live in Georgia
well
well,
well, 2.5/10
well apparently once you get use to it youll skip all the stages of sleep and only hit the RWM stage
well at least the person in this video has a decent voice
well at least they can't run around and annoy my like siblings
well both sound like me but then again not completely
well, for example if i don't have a gps and i'm out cycling, my first guess on where to go is often wrong
well for me and me tuppers if i focus enough i can empthy with them
well fuck
we'll get there naturally
well hi there
well, hope the specialist know what's going on
well hopfully the shit will stay away from the fan lol XD
well i actually use a modified version of it
well i decided not to go to college after going for a year
well i did
well i don't have much time for it right now anyway
well I don't see me having near-literal opposite aura colors otherwise and I've always resonated with blues
well if you like it....
well if you think it does (even if you know it doesn't)
well if you think it stinks everywhere maybe you stepped on some dog sheite
well I had a friend that dealed with demons
well.... i'll let you guys know if i have more questions...... thank you so much for being a repository of information... both of you.. *offers warm hugs to both* =) ?
well I made my own because I heard there was danger and I don't danger without a cup
well im gonna go to the diner real quick
well, immunity
well in my perspective they spin clock wise
well internally they're clair and sophia
well in the other rooms
well I spoke to damarus/nycto and they didn't immediately dismiss AP so
well i tried trick
well, it's not too lively in here
well, it's possible to use psychology
well it started with curiosity and then i got hooked on the idea of knowing what, if anything, i used to be
well I was worried when they started eating a lot so I told them to chill and just stick with stuff near me :U
well kinda
well maybe he is so homophobic
well maybe your hardened or something XD
well.... no it'd look pretty anime
well not all games will go over
well of course not.  That happens to us too
well one of the people who came to me was a mod from this channel, so you tell me if i should believe them or not?
well... previously i never knew if i was doing anything with it... now i think i know
We'll see about that B)
well she's one part my original design one part memories of my ex one part my sexuality one part of Scatha's design and one part something else I haven't identified
well... skyler here doesn't want to move house
well tell me
well that can be done without even a servitor
well that's all I've done personally
well that's good, at least
well that was an interesting read :P
well that was fun
well that was fun.  Loss of proprioception in hands, but I drifted off for a bit.  Gonna try again
well the fact that I have two opposite colors and I am more worried, and Spirit is more outgoing, makes me think maybe our auras mixed in your reading?
well then, perhaps you'd care to state a number and we'll see
well there goes nothing
well, there's a bunch of scattered communities
well theres a dusk here...
well this is dead
well this is fun ... not ... got a new latop finaly and its windows 8 .... ughhh other side i have an Xbox one titan fall package and its taking its sweet time to install the damn game .. why cant they just send the disk with the damn package
well, two for two
we'll wait till we find a spirit guide of our own (probably 10 ish years down the road) to get "proof" of this
well, we have science and we literally inject botcholism into our faces for beauty, so I guess we aren't that smart *with* it, too.
well where is it?
well which people are right hm?
well whoopty freaking do
well yeh. cus ah don need im ter survive, cus ah'm all independent nshit
well yes
well, yes.
well your opponent left so :/ respect his wishes to discontinue
welp i currently got my beard going so yeah that upper lip is quite hairy XD
welp i gtg in 5
welp i guess he couldnt hear me
welp i guess thats that
welp, in like 8 days i'm leaving for 10 days.  I'm going on a meditation retreat
welp, see ya
welp..... the internet did weird things
welp think im gunna go
{We need a canadian...}
we need it :o
We never have that problem.
went through what was basically forcing and tadaa
We're
We're a guy two girls and a robot
We're also lazy.
we're a species that eschews the entire purpose of our being here in favor of temporary wealth or power, killing and harming others (or becoming accessory thereof) in the name of a diety whom is supposed to represent everything that is good and pure.  Think about that :)
we're fucked T_T
We're going to see fireworks tomorrow. gonna be SO. AWESOME.
We're going to sleeeeeeeeeeeeep.
We're gonna do a minecraft series
we're not getting a fish
We're not very good at it yet, but we're learning xP
we're peaceful creatures though
We're talking about half-possession.
Werewolves aren't exactly friendly either usually and have red eyes
were you?
were you pre-caffeine?
Were you there just now?
We shall
we shall play this week then
We should totally try it again when we're not suffering through all this cough medicine.
we's in a shared lucid dream XD
we thought we made one but... it's not working
"We understand the universe because we have this math that governs these forces."
we use that a lot... or more than the house anyway
we've all seen the video
we've had flukes.  Me entering HER dream, some other things
we've met briefly
We've unanimously elected that you're alright.
we waste to much time sleeping so ima try and reclaim as much time as i can
We will be back in a bit
We will be right back
we will inherit the earth
we wish it were storming here
wha
wha?
whasup ami?
what
what*
what about?
What about a ladyboy?
What about a strapon?
what about mental projection damarus?
what about other, safer methods that might not involve such a thing?
what about something more extravagant, like a loli just appears at my doorsetp?
what about them
What all stands out?
:] what a lovely thing to say
what am i?
what and drag her down with me?
what are the chances of tones not working for us?
What are their purpose?
What are they for?
what are walk-ins?
What are you going to college for
what are you playing?
what are you reading from
what are your opinions on breast milk?
what a wonderful little video
What book
what can I say? I get around. *smiles*
What, cats?
What class? ^^
what client do you use
What color are your eyes?
what could go wrong if i tried to use magic to create a loli, without luck
What damarus said
What deals are given.
What did i miss?
WhatdidImiss
What did you do?
what did you feel?
what did you feel before?
what did you frontload?
what did you want him to do now?
what'd it look like?
What does ability mean?
what does "best-fairing" mean?
What does that have to do with anything?
{What does that have to do with what now?}
what does that mean?
What does this wonderful new information grant you?
What do you call what I'm doing then?
what do you do
What do you expect dear.
What do you fucking think?
what do you mean blocks?
What do you mean by "loli"?
What do you mean by that?
What do you need?
what do you think of Wicca?
What do you two look like, anyways?
what do you wish to do?
what drug?
what'd you learn?
what'd you say?
what else?
what even?
Whatever.
Whatever it is relative*
Whatever shall we do?
Whatever. You're not going to believe anything we say. You're going to say it's all psychology or b.s. and that's it. we're not going to be able to change that belief system.]
what experiment?
What explanation are you imagining when you say that?
What game?
what game is this? O.o
what happened
What happened?
what happenes if you just keep filling it?
what happens if i do?
what have I done?
what?  I'd adopt Talmena XD
what i do is just think 'go to (persons name/nick) and visualize it goes to a blank figures hands *(the blank figure i just to represent the person of whom im sending it to)
What if both are right?  What if both are wrong? :O
What I got out of it was that you can't take your friends for granted.
What I just said.
What i'll do, record a few takes, different speeds, different orders etc, see which ones work better
What impression do you get from it, if any?
What is a connection if not an address?
what is a ESET NOD32?
what is a soul?
what is a tist?
What is happiness?
what is it
what is it?
What is "it"?
what is it you want us to see?
what is maying?
What is meta and can I spread it on my toast?
What is psychopathy in this context
What is TG?
what is that?
What is that?
what is the best way to reasseciate/
What is #thelema btw?
what is the next step?
What is the procedure?
What is the reason?
What is this thing?
What is up?
what is what
what is wring with you
What is your viewpoint about demons then?
What I /thought/ we were talking about
what i was doing was go to my wonderland make a door write the name of the person on it open it and walk tru and let the scenery come to me
What iz that
What kind of effect?
what kind of laptop
What kind of laxative is this? Ok sorry.. carr yon xD
What kind of methods are there?
what kitty is telling me to do
What language does CryEngine use?
what marks the first day?
What matters is not for us to see now, but for the future to reveal, or conceal
what methods are there? newbie here
... what no
{what now?}
what now?
What parts are you seeking help with?
what radical and esoteric concepts should be discussed today?:
Whats all this?
Whats an aura?
What's being warned about/against.
what's cecil think?...
what's difficult about proxying currently?
...what's going on?
what's her name again? (forgot and will never find it in this mess)
what's in your neck?
what's LoA?
What's marshmallows do?
what sorts of magic did you have in mind?
What's sexy?
what's that?
what's that/
What's that one about?
What's the exchange rate on souls these days anyway?
what's the nicks?
What's the point of shelter without something to be sheltered from?
What's this thing about a wand?
whats trackalaken'
what stuff
whats up?
{What's up in here?}
Whatsup party-of-three?
Whatsup you two?
What's with gg?
what's wrong with you m8? O.o
What's your down speed?
What's your major, incidentally?
What's your name dear?
What the fuck is this even going on about anymore?
what the hell?
What the hell would I Google?
what they say bout me
What type of meditation are you doing?
what type of meditation do you use?
Whatup buttercup?
what was i gonna do that warranted my restraining
what was the point of this comic?
What were the old census results?
What were the things from earlier? I missed them
what were you doing driving in such a state, you silly blly?
what would the veil falling mean?
what would you house it in?
^ what? XD
what you gunna bitcoin for tho?
what you want to know?
Whee, back home.
wheeeee
wheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
When are they formed?
when are we MAKING IT HAPPEN
When do classes start?
when do you start feeling the anxiety
when i first felt your presence i held he close and tried to form a sheild xD
When I first read that, I got that you were King Arturia, who was a German princess.. that makes no sense. xD
When i force actively i can get really into it and see clearly after a while so its practice i guess
When I got my first hypnotic suggestion to work—simple foot paralysis—I couldn't believe it for months.
When I notice it, I release it
When I returned to my body on the other world, there were notes in my bag written by my alternate ego.
when i think inside my wonderland
When I tried communication was much worse
whe noba yo head
when she speaks it's a certain feel
When Socrates was tried for his involvement in the triumvirate's rise one of the accusations against him was the creation of false gods. This is an interpretation of what he experienced and how it has been treated by subsequent philosophers.
when that happens to me it means my focus is slipping
When water evaporates it goes into the air
When you asked about it.
When you fell from the heavens.
when you get to the point you don't even notice the words then you are a success. we love reading
when you tell me why i stop
When you use it as a crutch, it's bad.
When you were young?
where?
where at?
where at in the lower back?
where did you feel me?
Where did you get that definition for egragore?
Where he comes from, time doesn't exist.
Where in the cranium is the 3rd eye focus point?
"Where" is a question you can only think to ask when "where" is changing over time.
where is cold trolling you?
Where the material illusion is so strong.
Where you can think literally any thought.
Where you would normally associate your consciousness in your head, move that around your body
*which
which, as previously mentioned, is easy
Which channel did you think this was?
Which conclusion did you come to?
which creates the expectation of everyone playing within that set of rules
Which feels a lot longer when you're not noticing.
which felt weird because I felt like I was my mental form laying in front of my physical form
"which, I can't hear the same since George Carlin.".... i don't get that =(
which? i do trust them it's just not exactly what I was hoping for, I dunno what i was hoping for though
Which is basically the same thing I said above, but reworded a little. :D
Which is easier to do
-- which is easy enough to find on the internet if you have more than two braincells but still
Which is exactly why i don't bother with em
which is interesting because my mental form is a foot and about 200 pounds lighter than me XD
which is lost in text
Which isn't hard if you maintain the same size of mind throughout the timeline.
Which isn't like me
which is saying something... i have some really good friends irl
Which is true, of course, but I figure we ought not be hypnotically reinforcing the power of belief.
Which is where experience happens.
Which is why I love Ambien
which is why it was a good idea to have a channel for that
Which is why virtually everything is simply nice to know anymore.
which is why we asked for explanations.
which kinda sucks because it takes me a few to realize i got pulled away XD  But awesome because my visualization sucks
Which means it's going to be a dumbell you're going to have to lug around for 4 years
which means that when the final file is provided can check the hash and verify no changes were made
which means what?
Which one? :D
Which parts are not good?
which produces a separated full aura
"which reminds me of some of the shit I see in my head now and then"
which resulted in my head buzzing and her acting like a hyper teenager for about an hour XD
which text?
Which they never kept up with me about or informed me over, so fuckit.
which was weird, because I got it to my elbows, I think I did at least, and something was crawling on my fingers
which works pretty well
while you guys do that, i'm going to try to make a simpler shape
While your eyes are perfectly still
While you've done nothing to be owed.
white-ish yellow-ish paint
whoa
WHOA
who are you?
who are you ans why did you eat my trash bin?
whoa Trick still here
whoa whats up with the huggys
Whoa, you're in here Firiro?
who booped who?
Whoever is switching, lies on the table, gets taken into the elevator.. Bit like the shit in avatar.
who here is able to scan besides shi?
Who is best dragon?
who is he?
Who knows ^-^
Who knows?
Who knows if you got it wrong?
whoo boy
whoooo casual modding.
whooooooooo
who pinged me
*who's
Who's making them?
who's that?
Who's who
Who the fuck is choking me
who wants to join me?
Who would be able to what?
whuh?
why
Why?
WHY?
WHY? 0.0
why am I not op hold on
...why are you pining people?
Why? Are your eyes edible?
Why call it taking?
Why can't we all be friends :(
Why didn't is work?
why'd it happen?.... what'd i do?
Why does a plant have a reading but say a rock doesn't?
Why does everybody here read my messages in an offending way?
why does that seem like something he'd do? XD
why don'y you smear honey on yourself and be like a fairy hive?
Why do you ask des?
Why do you care anyway?
Why do you struggle to perceive your own wonderland?
Why do you think a non-human person must test it?
Why do you think so? And C? Is your name?
why do you want wings?
why hello binmm
why is it bad?
Why is it bony, dear?
Why is it discouraged?
why mine T_T
why not
why not?
Why not Ash? Then she can be a Pokemon Master. =)
why not just go for full switcharoo
why not micheal him solid?
why not scan it yourself?
Why not speak of it?
why quit Trick ?
Why's at work in quotes?
why should we answer you?
why so quite?
why the change? :)
Why wasn't I invited? D:<
Why was she crying?
Why wont they drain it?
Why would johnsons make you fat?
why would they not give me the damn disk
why would us hellions be better off left behind ?
Why would you both pick blue?
why yes EVERYONE pisses me off
why yes Siouxsie{Nycto} i always learn to sprint before i crawl
why you ded?
wild*
Will it help?
{will try}
Windows
Windows 8 wifi
Winter is the best season.
Winter's kind of harsh up here in Michigan. But I shouldn't be talking, since I'm fairly certain there are people in this channel who live in Canada.
Wisdom: Indeed.
Wishing i was
with?
With a sharpie.
with back light
With Cecil
with magick eyes
with mathz
With my 2020 vision
Without an actual reason I wouldn't anyway.
with pictures of catsw
with the coming of the alenware alpha it will officially mean its cheaper to buy an alienware than to build your own system
With the humans set up like factories..
with these segments flowing around
with your lungs
wit yer hunny
{WLEEP PARALYSIS
Woah, lots of people :)
wonderland
Wonderland
Wonderland hypnosis?
Woo
Wooooooo
Wooooooobs
woops XD
woops XD sorry m8
words, words, words
Worked great but extracting it was a surprisingly intense experience.
worked pretty well
worked pretty well
Working towards it certainly doesn't hurt.
work up and try to keep the level of dissociation high to moderate
Worse off then I was the first time.
Worst that can happen is they say I need more experience
... would be interesting to see how that works.
Would believing in magic be considered meta?
would be nice if I could actually get to the point of working with chakras XD
Would it be alright to go first? Since I'm not doing anything serious I could just PM you a couple quick guesses and be done :P
would not a simple servitor construct be more effective then, though?
wouldn't*
would that be accurate?.... nicks statement?
would you be able to guess what number i was thinking of?
Would you like to take a seat?
Would you say... You are intolerance intolerant?
Would you try breast milk?
wow
Wow, diabetis.
Wow if that wasn't the worst fucking answer I've heard all year
Wow, impressive.
wow, rude
wow, very specific XD
wow what the hell did i just type.. lol so unreadable
Wow xD
Wrath of Science power up
wrong buffer.  I knew that was going to happen eventually
Wrong kind of dick stroking
.. wtf..
wtf?
wtf is going on here
wth'
wubs
wusat?
wut are they
wutnow
"wut up yo I need some JERKY"
wuz that .-.
X3
xanax and valium I knew from touch, the rest, noidea
XBB6HV5J
xd
 XD
... XD
XD'
XD ah, yes. The handshake.
XDDDDDDDDD
XD DX
XD funny bunny
XD gandalf
XD  I'm alright today.
XD its all good
XD i wonder why
XD Nice, Sky.
XDS
XD... shall I try and send you something, Bin?
xD sorry :P
XD true enough
......................................................................................................^^^^^ XD XD XD
XD XD XD
Xe
Xe\ Hello
Xe......MY EYES 0.0
*x files theme song* O.o
/x/ is decent by comparison to /b/.
/x/ will stop being skeptical.
y
ya
yah
ya haven't banned me for ignorance yet.... so stupidity doesn't get you k lined
yap
{Yarn is very eatable}
ya there's no bot here
Yay
yay, I think
yay me~TALS
Yays :3
yay shitjokes
Ye?
Yea
Yea?
Yea....
yeah :/
yeah?
Yeah
Yeah.
Yeah, after prodding at it, I soaked it in warm salt water, then used peroxide, then dressed with iodine
yeah alot
Yeah.  And I live in a more suburban area than I used to.  Fuck.
Yeah arbiter
yeah bad spelling
yeah, but also possible for someone to get the wrong impression and think i'm a creep or something
yeah, but do you know the guy who came up with this idea on 4chan?
yeah but he is even less so
yeah but I wouldn't have the log
Yeah, but meh
Yeah.  but not much you can do about that when dealing with personal subjectivity
Yeah but what about getting a graphical overview of what's going on?
yeah charms~
Yeah, Dean built a robot, but now he's building us an indoor pool
Yeah, do tell. It's surprising how many things you can stumble upon by intuition and accident.
yeah. dream journals help 500%
Yeah from what I could tell.
yeah funny that
yeah had this weird black out line thing stand over me until it filled my vision and then when everthing was all black a white outline would stand over me and lean down until everything was white then the black one came back T_T
yeah he doesn't teach that
yeahhh we already covered that :P
Yeah.  I attended it for my parents.
yeah i can assume that
yeah I can't drink much on them
Yeah I don't know computers too well
yeah I don't seem to have autopilot like that
Yeah, I don't think Instant Transmission would be very fun. It's not the destination, it's the journey.
yeah i feel yeah there every night i go *sigh* 'i dont wanna, 5 more minutes'
yeah I finally got hexchat to download, meaning I might either A have two clients now or B I merge over to the other one. mIRC has some real customizeable issues
Yeah.  If you havent realized it yet, jumping to conclusions is my superpower
Yeah, I guess.
Yeah I had you followed
yeah i know
Yeah I know
yeah i know id probly need to add world guard
yeah i knwo
Yeah I made part of it'
yeah I'm gonna go with the majority here, you seem like... people should have the option to opt out of interaction with you
Yeah.  I'm just at a loss on how to correct them
Yeah, i'm just giving ideas because it's relevant to most people here's interests
yeah i need to do things in there today
yeah.  i never got into drawing personally
Yeah? Interesting
Yeah i said that like.  5 minutes ago
yeah, it does
yeah i think i get what you mean now
Yeah, it might make a lot of people think she's nuts. But fuck it, she's playing for her audience which will work.
Yeah, it's about the experience.  I'm not expecting world changing or anything like that.
yeah, it's kinda all in one spot
yeah it's like I'm a demon possessing people :U they're still there I can feel them. I just.. do whatever my shit is
yeah it worked for me pretty damn well
yeah, Ive been away for a week and a bit xD
 yeah iv had 1 maybe 2.. not sure about the 2nd one he wasnt too violent  *fixed it
yeah I was hoping by keeping you going you wouldn't just completely crash when you left
Yeah I was just about to ask Pandora's question.
yeah i was trying to upload a file to it, using sftp. and i dont have promission to write/delete/change anything
yeah, like every steam update has x number of games now ready for linux
yeah like i said there is no secret method. or shortcut. or anything
yeah... maybe if karma sees it as a donation, it'll come back to me x3
yeah most likely
Yeah, no.
Yeah, now people can tell us apart
yeah, of course
Yeah.  On my side it's probably personal pride getting in my way.  I don't want to rely on them to achieve results
yeah pretty much
yeah :P there was some time before people got that "elements" weren't those four, or things similar. they were actually combinations of protons and neutrons and electrons not like... base forms of nature
yeah right
Yeah screw everything, human will, etc
yeah... skyler's been raising ashley... and ashley is young so.... tiredness abounds
yeah sleep is good i finaly got some damn rest
yeah, so can you
Yeah, so I can do power chords from his memory. :)
Yeah sure, on topic takes priority
yeah.  Svadishthana is under the navel toward the back and would be too high
^~^ yeah that and im hoping the the octlus does not flop
yeah that falls into my belief system defnition
yeah, that's happened bofore
Yeah that's part of why technology is so hyperpowerful.
yeah, that's pretty accurate I guess
Yeah, that's true. The helpful stuff was pretty nice, but you had to sift through a lot of shit to get a tiny bit of info.
yeah that time it was on all servers
Yeah, that wasn't helpful.
yeah the android app for weechat is shit
yeah the evolution book does
yeah, they're magic spirits Erinn
yeah, they're pretty funny.
Yeah those i'd try to remove
yeah, very intense high
Yeah, we have a diner inside a volcano. best food ever.
Yeah.  We have our lives too
yeah, we need to practice that more
Yeah.  We're at work now
Yeah xD
yeah yeah move it to pm guys
yeah yeah the patronizing isn't needed. ryonaloli's been pretty tame
Yeah yeah, there is no try, only being a goddamn muppet.
yeah you have to ask a question to get activity in here
yeah you might kill im
yea. i didn't understand that before, but i'm starting to
Yea, it's a fun class
Ye could all try comming to mine :P
yeeee
yeeep
Yeh
yeh see what des suggested tho?
{yehsher}
... Ye need op.
yep
yep even I can agree XD
Yep, on top of that, I've also noted within the last half an hour that the tingling is terrifying as well, and especially some rather odd, um, sexual-type tingling that throws me off in a bad way
Yeppers
Yep, surgery is over
Yer going to end up faceplanting the keyboard soon.. Plus you're making yourself look a prat.
yes
yes?
yes.*
YES
yes 3
yes actually
Yes ah do
Yes and yes
yes animals do
yes, because no one is ever on
yes be sure to drink it with alcohol
Yes, but what are you imagining getting, in that case?
yes but your explanations are more confusing each time you say something new. what is all of this? explain so we can understand why you said all of the above
yes Catherine
{Yes. Chasing things is fun. But not the tail, because it is uncatchable.}
Yes, everything is shit, this shit and that shit
yes forge
Yes. He did that too, a few months later. This entity is a rotten son-of-a-bitch.
yes he went bye byes
{Yes, i can say purr. i can say whatever i desire.}
Yes I did, Was interesting. Hopefully tonight goes better then
Yes I do mind.
yes i grew up 'christian'
yes, indeed
yes invade lol
yes it does.
Yes it does.
Yes, it works :D
yes.  I was being humorous
Yes I will
yes lol
Yes mine has an asshole too.
Yes, neat.
yes now
Yes, or you may just will it to move
yes since musical taste is purely opinion and not factual. yes my statement is correct
yes sky?
yess... yess.. mmm... fill them up
yesterday? depends a little on how strictly you define meta
Yes that one
yes, that's the same concept
yes, that was me
Yes, that was the first thing I noticed was it's strength
Yes. There's a void outside the wonderland where things like it usually are
yes, they are
Yes, they are.
yes, this is not forge's channel this is nycto's
yes Trick_
yes.  Very much yes.
yes, we've considered doing a control room like setup
yes, when he's focusing
yes.  Yes I am aware I am here
yes, yes i did
YES, YES IT IS
Yes, yes you do
Yes, you can't have a connection without a connection.
yes your eyes
Yes you should.
yes you started it with your 1st construct
Ye wanted me?
Yeye
Yip
Yis
yo
Yo
Yo.
Yo'
yoga
Yoga 101 = 1. bend. 2. bend more. 3. bend further. 4. self suck.
yoire thinking of the song 'phantom of the opera'7
yo maybe
yooo
yo Trick
you
you^
YOU
You accidentally your eye
you actually do not have to do anything other than exist
you already did shi and your mind is all like "gotta hit the T key too XD"
you and yourself have a thing?
You are?
You are.
you are a brilliant tupperware
you are being a bitch about my use of the word dick, that is namecalling
you are confusing cause and effect
you are intermittently colorblind?
You are my senpai, my only senpai
you are welcome :)
... You asked me what I'd do.
You asking this many basicass questions? Yoou're being a noob.
you at least an m9
you become all of "you", you've ever been all at once
you been using the within system's guide?
you buttface
you called?
You can be totally not depressed and still be unmotivated.
You can calmly simply take note of a thing without it being a federal mental ordeal.
you can do it with psychology, and think it's meta i guess
You can either try and eject yourself
You can have low ammounts, Some people can also have damaged systems that either don't generate their own properlly or leak it.
you can if you want, just please don't murder my head
You can just add more
you can just /cs kickban without being on the channel
you can make ghost connections
You cannot perform magic?
you can play titanfall for free this weekend on origin XD
you can project while awake
you can take over IP addresses
You can talk about it elsewhere.
you cant detect it because oyu think you cant
"You can tell a lot about a girl by how her pussy smells."  so, so true
you can troll me, and nick, but don't troll people asking legit questions
you can... vibrate all you want
You can visit just with your eyes.
You can - you just need to settle for worse measuring tools.
you could create a sigil if all else fails
You could do it with a pack of cards perhaps.  Have him put 3 cards face up on top of something that is over his head level (close eyes maybe too).  The idea is to prevent him having any knowledge of what the cards is
you could do that now
You could just jump in concrete.
you could prolly use it as crash space if you needed to.
You could start from nothing and make some money
You could yeah. That was kinda the point of that hypnosis file.
You'd be surprised how few people that practice actually bother to defend themselves.
you did good at 18:20
you did happy and sad at once
You didn't give me anything, dude, and you're a dick wnever you want to people that annoy you.
you didn't see the others in my system?
you do
You don't.
you dont access it
You don't actually know that.
you dont know how?
you don't know that?
you don't know what i'm trying to say?
You don't need to take 100 laxatives.
you dont that was a joke
you don't want to know
You do right by you :)
you'd rather go to munches and play parties then
you exist, yet are you measurable by any means?
You exit the physical body using that sort of ladder method after relaxing
You find the answer by remembering it.
You fucking piece of SHIT
You get unwanted attention?
you gotta find a way to make it interesting for her
You got the shape right, what about the color?
you got to get your basics first
You have a badmouth yoiu know.
you have absolutely no basis for that
you have a keyboard, big word come eadyw.
you have me on skype and could message me at any time you know
you have no idea
you haven't heard of that before?
You have Skype?
you have the best graduation date ever XD
{You have to register in advance, and pay up front. Also, since I tried it about a year ago and got burned out with no profit, I sort of am going to kick back for a bit, go to school and get even better at art and stuff, and then try again.}
you heard sevs problems
You infer too much
You japanese?
You just don't want to talk about the metas with us :P
You just need the right "bait"
you just never got around to it?
you just perceive it to be that way
you know
you know?
You know
You know how sickle cell came around?
you know, i'm just going to shut up, I don't feel like it
You know it, baby.
You know, that marsh mellow is now poison, right?
You know, the guide with the pictures and telling you how to raise enegy and all that jazz.
You know what I meant.
you know what i meant... how do you mental project while still awake?
You know what's fucking ironic.
you know when you go lucid in a dream and you wanna make things clear, so you focus on them until they come into focus?
you know you want to bin
You like to mess with me.
You'll be able to feel thoughts and emotions coming from them.
You'll be fine
You'll lose weight.
You'll need to think in terms of more than a noun if you want more than a noun.
you'll net one eventurally
You'll want to tell yourself it could be.
You made an assumption about what someone else realizes.
you make them quit D:
You may simply observe the first few times
You may think of actual gods as them
You mean it's the thing where if enough people believe it something
you mean like
you mean like, you're using designing software?
you mean on right?
You merely perceive that to be the case because I'm not exhibiting the normal symptoms of curiosity.
you missed
you misunderstand
you must go deeper
you need that to do anything
You need to get laid to have kids to sit on in the first place.
you need to jump on that shit
You need to realize that your science class is based on an /assumption/.
young earth I believe but am not that sure about, I've read some articles on alternatives that could point in the direction of a young earth boefre
You? No. I tried giving you another one after you came back after last time.
You offered.  you had been wanting to experiment with something or other
You perceived it as disagreement.
you posed a question, I answered it
you probably dont want to see me naked
You probably want to forget everything you think you know about how trance is supposed to feel.
you project often?
Your and Xe's specific issue seems to be his dissociation. You tend to move very quickly through things to try to do more.
You ran off, I wanted to say hi XD
your body?
your brain knows how to fill in gaps
You're a crack ship at best
You're alright.
You're an idiot.
You're an idiot.
you're a weird word
You're better off with plain hot sauce
you're boring
You're familiar with the Christian godform, yeah?
you're going to have so much fun :D
You're going to need one with a dedicated GPU at least
you're just jealous that I can shoot over 70 miles with no recoil
you're just magical stfu
You're no fun.
You're not capable of discerning whether or not anyone else has an ego.
you're not sure that it's easy, or you're not sure, it's very easy?
You're out of milk.
you're right, it is late :c
You're saying some first explanation that jumps to mind hasn't been the truth.
You're sitting down at a laptop?
You respond too fast To everything
you're the one that linked the shitty anime loading site
you're thinking more of a humansuit than  a puppet being played with strings
you're thinking of the subtle energies in relation to the physical by applying perceived physical limitations on something nonphysical.  you're not moving something to a physical location.
you're welcome to discuss it with me also if you feel comfortable with that
Your fear's not unfounded.
your going to love this nycto
Your ideas aren't wrong either. they're just stupid and if you do them will likely end up with you getting screwed over.
you ringed?
Your lost socks will not be in the dog house.
your making me tired
your musical tastes
your nomming on my butter sandwitch?
Your other response did.
your point #5 is one that I fall into often
your pony has the snuggles
Your positional awareness of where your mind "is"
You ruined everything.
your up
your welcome
You said 800-900 range right?
you said that's how it's testable
You said to ask you what all your remember.
you said you saw like 100 blocks earlier and sludge and all
You say hi to demons like Dam or something?
You seem to draw an awful lot of that kind of thing, Bin :P
You see, when i used to be a vampire back in the day of the old AOL chatrooms.  Real Vampires NO RP.  Was quite a sub culture...still is i suppose
you should alternate trying to possess by dissociation/host completely leaving the limb and trying to possess by urging him to move it himself imo :P
You should be in sleep paralysis or close enough to it
you should have tried to shove it up his root chakra XD
you should keep on with them
you should know me
you shouldn't discount your own experiences
You should tell us if you really need/want help.
you should try again, Shishi
you shut.
You simply let it be.
you sound so confident
you spontaneously turn into a hot brunette anime chick?
you started it
You still do
You talk about Theseus' ship as if to indicate that Theseus' ship is a tangible concept rather than the fleeting sense of ownership that it is.
you tell me what you can do and well do that
You TF as a pony and walk bipedal in WL. So there.
you told me that yesterday XD
... you too? XD
Youtube shit and all
You two?
you uh, realize that... the person that wrote that is in here, right? :P
you usually look for a sigil
you value your football team more
You've asked that it be explained /clearly/.
You've been told over and over that critical thinking is universally applicable.
You've given up on me just like all the rest.
You've never been with someone who was comfortable in skin?
You've yet to grasp my meaning, and hence my model/hypothesis.
"You violates the rules."
you want silence not noise
You want to back way the fuck up.
you want to clear the mind not fill it
You want to know what Bill Gates says instead of "A penny for your thoughts?"
You want vibrational stage.. I'll rock ya body
You were aides?
you were grandfathered in
you were meant to "be" .... nowhere does it say what you have to be
you were with the girls for almost 3 hours
You willfully failed to understand what I was saying.
you will like that video
YOU WISH YOU HAD FIRE HANDS
You won't remember this conversation in the morning anyway.
you would never be able to completely enjoy it that way
You wouldn't have a flashlight on your head in a box and have it that low and it fit
you wouldn't take the time to better understand it and its implications?
Yoyo
yo yo-yo
Yqy for narcotics
Yuck.
yu gi oh?
Yuki might've been messing with me too, but not sure.
Yuki seems to have taken an awful lot after her host lately :(  But that's neither here nor there
Yuki stabbed me with a katana "with the power of 8 open chakras" and I sucked her into a micro singularity...
yup.
yup\
Yup
yup.  Me too
yup... sometime or another i want to show talmena my treehouse =D
yur back
yus
Yus
yussss
yuur all fucked now
yuuus
Zen is simply to let go.
zero fucks given.  We talk about it at the next practice for accountability
Zlinv bizulozation
Zolpidem Tartrate
zomg forge lives
Zzzz
ಠ_ಠ
